The ships hung in the sky in much the same way bricks don't	Douglas Adams
If the divine masterplan is perfection, maybe next I'll give Judas a try	Tori Amos
I don't know. Apathetic bloody planet; I have no sympathy at all...	Prostetnic Vogon Jeltz
Oh freddled gruntbuggly, thy micturations are to me. As plurdled gabbleblotchits on a lurgid bee. Groop I implore thee, my foonting turlingdomes. And hooptiously drangle me with crinkly bindlewurdles, Or I will rend thee in the gobberwarts with my blurglecruncheon, see if I don't	Prostetnic Vogon Jeltz
Resistance is useless	Unnamed Vogon guard
Space, is big. Really big	The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy
Off with his head	Red Queen, Lewis Carroll - Alice in Wonderland
Egoist: A person of low taste, more interested in themselves than me	Ambrose Bierce
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right	Ashleigh Brilliant
Life is a tragedy for those who feel, a comedy for those who think, and a docudrama with ugly actors for those who film docudramas	Dr. Squid
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen	Albert Einstein
I am free of all prejudices. I hate everyone equally	W.C. Fields
Never insult an alligator until after you have crossed the river	Cordel Hull
Welcome thy neighbour into thy fallout shelter. He'll come in handy if you run out of food	Dean McLaughlin
A single death is a tragedy, a million deaths is statistics	Josef Stalin
I know the world isn't fair, but why isn't it ever unfair in my favor?	Bill Watterson
Hypocrisy is the Vaseline of social intercourse
To err is human, to blame the next guy even more so
It is the deed that teaches, not the name we give it. Murder and capital punishment are not the opposites that cancel one another, but similars that breed the same kind	George Bernhard Shaw
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one	Albert Einstein
I don't know with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones	Albert Einstein
Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour. Sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute. That's relativity	Albert Einstein
It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations	Winston Churchill
I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to.	Elvis Presley
FLAG, n. A colored rag borne above troops and hoisted on forts and ships. It appears to serve the same purpose as certain signs that one sees in vacant lots in London -- "Rubbish may be shot here."	Ambrose Bierce
Americans detest all lies except lies spoken in public or printed lies.	Ed Howe
Women should be obscene and not heard	Groucho Marx
To err is human, to moo bovine
Everyone is entitled to be stupid, but some abuse the privilege.	Unknown
I loathe people who keep dogs. They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves.	August Strindberg
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite	John Kenneth Albraith
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away
MANNA, n. A food miraculously given to the Israelites in the wilderness. When it was no longer supplied to them they settled down and tilled the soil, fertilizing it, as a rule, with the bodies of the original occupants. 	Ambrose Bierce
IDIOT, n. A member of a large and powerful tribe whose influence in human affairs has always been dominant and controlling. The Idiot's activity is not confined to any special field of thought or action, but "pervades and regulates the whole." He has the last word in everything; his decision is unappealable. He sets the fashions and opinion of taste, dictates the limitations of speech and circumscribes conduct with a dead-line.	Ambrose Bierce
Happiness, noun. An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of another.	Ambrose Bierce
It's a well known fact that computing devices such as the abacus were invented thousands of years ago. But it's not well known that the first use of a common computer protocol occured in the Old Testament. This, of course, was when Moses aborted the Egyptians' process with a control-sea...	Tom Galloway
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.	Douglas Adams
CANNON, n. An instrument employed in the rectification of national boundaries. 	Ambrose Bierce
A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for the first time.	Alfred E. Wiggam
The only difference between the Democrats and the Republicans is that the Democrats allow the poor to be corrupt too.	Oscar Levant
BASIC - A programming language.  Related to certain social diseases in that those who have it will not admit it in polite company 	Anonymous
The best book on programming for the layman is Alice in Wonderland; but that's because it's the best book on anything for layman. 	Anonymous
f u cn rd ths, u cn gt a gd jb n cmptr prgmmng.	 Anonymous
Perl - The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption.	Keith Bostic
Programming is like sex: one mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life.	Michael Sinz
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language 	Larry Wall
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it's time to pause and reflect.	Mark Twain
Religion is the idol of the mob; it adores everything it does not understand.	Frederick The Great
Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear.	Thomas Jefferson
I still say a church steeple with a lightening rod on top shows a lack of confidence.	Doug McLeod
I believe everybody in the world should have guns. Citizens should have bazookas and rocket launchers too. I believe that all citizens should have their weapons of choice. However, I also believe that only I should have the ammunition. Because frankly, I wouldn't trust the rest of the goobers with anything more dangerous than string.	Scott Adams
Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity.	Anonymous
Half the world is composed of idiots, the other half of people clever enough to take indecent advantage of them.	Walter Kerr
Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and consciencious stupidity.	Martin Luther King jr
Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education.			Bertrand Russel
He hoped and prayed that there wasn't an afterlife. Then he realized there was a contradiction involved here and merely hoped that there wasn't an afterlife.	Douglas Adams
I hope I never get so old I get religious.	Ingmar Bergman
Theology is never any help; it is searching in a dark cellar at midnight for a black cat that isn't there. Theologians can persuade themselves of anything	Robert A Heinlein
The beauty of religious mania is that it has the power to explain everything. Once God (or Satan) is accepted as the first cause of everything which happens in the mortal world, nothing is left to chance...logic can be happily tossed out the window.	Stephen King
I hate quotations		Ralph Waldo Emerson
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so	Anonymous
Conservative, n. A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished from a liberal, who wishes to replace them with others.	Ambrose Bierce
Revolution: in politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.			 Ambrose Bierce
When I told the people of Northern Ireland that I was an atheist, a woman in the audience stood up and said, "Yes, but is it the God of the Catholics or the God of the Protestants in whom you don't believe?	Quentin Crisp
Sacred cows make the best hamburger.	Mark Twain
A slipping gear could let your M203 grenade launcher fire when you least expect it. That would make you quite unpopular in what's left of your unit.	In the August 1993 issue, page 9, of PS magazine, the Army's magazine of preventive maintenance
Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life.	Brooke Shields, during an interview to become spokesperson for a federal anti-smoking campaign
C++: You accidentally create a dozen instances of yourself and shoot them all in the foot. Providing emergency medical assistance is impossible since you can't tell which are bitwise copies and which are just pointing at others and saying, "That's me, over there."	Anonymous
COBOL: Using a COLT 45 HANDGUN, AIM gun at LEG.FOOT, THEN place ARM.HAND.FINGER on HANDGUN.TRIGGER and SQUEEZE. THEN return HANDGUN to HOLSTER. CHECK whether shoelace needs to be re-tied.	Anonymous
LISP: You shoot yourself in the appendage which holds the gun with which you shoot yourself in the appendage which holds the gun with which you shoot yourself in the appendage which holds the gun with which you shoot yourself in the appendage which holds the gun with which you shoot yourself in the appendage which holds 	Unknown
Assembler: You try to shoot yourself in the foot, only to discover you must first invent the gun, the bullet, the trigger, and your foot.	Unknown
Modula2: After realizing that you can't actually accomplish anything in this language, you shoot yourself in the head.	Unknown
They both savored the strange warm glow of being much more ignorant than ordinary people, who were ignorant of only ordinary things.	Terry Pratchett
I try to avoid using Microsoft. That's why I use MS-DOS.	Message posted on a message board
if (value == 0) return value; else return 0;
If C gives you enough rope to hang yourself, C++ gives you enough rope to bind and gag your neighborhood, rig the sails on a small ship, and still have enough rope left over to hang yourself from the yardarm.
The version numbers for UNIX, in their rightful sequence: 5, 6, 7, 2, 2.9, 3, 4.0, III, 4.1, V, 4.2, V.2, and 4.3.
1 is equal to 2 for sufficiently large values of 1.
I do believe in spooks. I do believe in spooks. I do! I do! I do! I do believe in spooks. I do believe in spooks. I do! I do! I do! I do! 	Lion, Wizard of Oz
My! People have a way of coming and going so quickly here!	Dorothy, Wizard of Oz
Let's just say that if complete and utter chaos was lightning, he'd be the sort to stand on a hilltop in a thunderstorm wearing wet copper armour and shouting 'All gods are bastards.	-- Rincewind discussing Twoflower (Terry Pratchett, The Colour of Magic)
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it.	Anonymous Chinese Proverb
There are only two kinds of languages: the kind everybody bitches about, and the kind nobody uses.	Bjarne Stroustrup
It is better to have an approximate answer to the right question than an exact answer to the wrong one. 	J. Tukey
Computer /nm./: a device designed to speed and automate errors.	From the Jargon File.
A computer is like an Old Testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy.	Joseph Campbell
Most of the VAX instructions are in microcode, but HALT and NO-OP are in hardware for efficiency.	Unknown
Vampireware /n/, a project, capable of sucking the lifeblood out of anyone unfortunate enough to be assigned to it, which never actually sees the light of day, but nonetheless refuses to die.
2 + 2 = 5, for extremely large values of 2.
The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time......The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time.	Tom Cargill.
I have never seen anything fill up a vacuum so fast and still suck.	Rob Pike, commenting on the X Window System.
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning.	Rich Cook.
Whip me. Beat me. Make me maintain AIX.
Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.
In My Egotistical Opinion, most people's C programs should be indented six feet downward and covered with dirt.	Blair P. Houghton.
Trying to outsmart a compiler defeats much of the purpose of using one.	Kernighan & Plauger, The Elements of Programming Style.
A C program is like a fast dance on a newly waxed dance floor by people carrying razors.	Waldi Ravens.
There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don't believe this to be a coincidence.	Jeremy S. Anderson
Confucius say: He who play in root, eventually kill tree.
Unix is the answer, but only if you phrase the question very carefully.
Unix is user-friendly. It's just very selective about who its friends are.
UNIX: It's not just 'User-Unfriendly', it's 'Proactively User-Hostile' !
VMS is a text-only adventure game. If you win you can use unix.	W. Davidson
C++: Hard to learn and built to stay that way.
C++ would make a decent teaching language if we could teach the ++ part without the C part.	Michael B. Feldman.
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should therefore be regarded as a criminal offense.	E W Dijkstra
I think there is a world market for maybe five computers.	Thomas Watson, chairman of IBM, 1943.
There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home.	Ken Olson, president/founder of Digital Equipment Corp., 1977.
Computers in the future may weigh no more than 1.5 tons.	Popular Mechanics, forecasting the relentless march of science, 1949.
This 'telephone' has too many shortcomings to be seriously considered as a means of communication.	Western Union internal memo, 1876.
In the future, airplanes will be flown by a dog and a pilot. And the dog's job will be to make sure that if the pilot tries to touch any of the buttons, the dog bites him.	Scott Adams (author of Dilbert).
Come to think of it, there are already a million monkeys on a million typewriters, and Usenet is nothing like Shakespeare.	Blair Houghton.
First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII - and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we've realized it's a brochure.	Douglas Adams (1952-2001)
Brilliance is typically the act of an individual, but incredible stupidity can usually be traced to an organization.	Jon Bentley.
Sex without love is an empty experience, but, as empty experiences go, it's one of the best.	Woody Allen.
Tell him I've been too fucking busy - or vice versa."     Dorothy Parker.
Sex is like air; it's not important unless you aren't getting any.
Writing is like prostitution. First you do it for love, and then for a few close friends, and then for money.	Moliere
I don't know why I did it, I don't know why I enjoyed it, and I don't know why I'll do it again.	Bart Simpson
If you don't beat your wife every three days, she'll start tearing up roof tiles.	Chinese saying.
Marriage is for women the commonest mode of livelihood, and the total amount of undesired sex endured by women is probably greater in marriage than in prostitution. 	Bertrand Russell (1872-1970), British philosopher, Marriage and Morals.
In Sicily, women are more dangerous than shotguns.	Fabrizio, The Godfather.
To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow, Creeps in this petty pace from day to day, To the last syllable of recorded time; And all our yesterdays have lighted fools The way to dusty death. Out, out, brief candle! Life's but a walking shadow; a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more: it is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing." 	From Macbeth (V, v, 19
By the pricking of my thumbs, Something wicked this way comes." 	From Macbeth (IV, i, 44-45)
Ay--there's the rub. 	Hamlet Act III Scene 1
They are playing a game. They are playing at not playing a game. If I show them I see they are, I shall break the rules and they will punish me. I must play their game, of not seeing I see the game	R.D.Lang
If man, as the existentialist conceives him, is indefinable, it is because at first he is nothing. Only afterward will he be something, and he himself will have made what he will be. Thus there is no human nature, since there is no God to conceive it. Not only is man what he conceives himself to be, but he is also only what he wills himself to be after this thrust toward existence	Jean Paul Sartre
We run heedlessly into the abyss after putting something in front of us to stop us seeing it.	Blaise Pascal
The more intelligent one is, the more men of originality one finds. Ordinary people find no difference between men.	Blaise Pascal
I maintain that, if everyone knew what others said about him, there would not be four friends in the world. 	Blaise Pascal
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction.	Blaise Pascal
This is what is sad when one contemplates human life, that so many live out their lives in quiet lostness . . . they live, as it were, away from themselves and vanish like shadows. Their immortal souls are blown away, and they are not disquieted by the question of its immortality, because they are already disintegrated before they die.	Soren Kierkegaard
For a crowd is not company; and faces are but a gallery of pictures; and talk but a tinkling cymbal, where there is no love.	Francis Bacon
Never stay up on the barren heights of cleverness, but come down into the green valleys of silliness.	Ludwig Wittgenstein
At any rate, let us love for a while, for a year or so, you and me. That's a form of divine drunkenness that we can all try.	F. Scott Fitzgerald
It is best to love wisely, no doubt: but to love foolishly is better than not to be able to love at all. 	William Makepeace Thackeray
Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure. 	George Eliot
Sometimes I think war is God's way of teaching us geography.	Paul Rodriguez
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.	Mark Twain
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.	Thomas Alva Edison
God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.	Voltaire (1694-1778)
Just because I'm paranoid doesn't mean everyone isn't really out to get me.	Neal Stephenson / Zodiac (1988)
Males relationship with the female sex is governed by a gallimaufry of primal impulses, dim suppositions, deranged theories, overheard scraps of conversation, half-remembered pieces of bad advice, and fragments of no-doubt exaggerated anecdotes that amounted to rank superstition.	Neal Stephenson / The Diamond Age (1995)
Really stupid decisions are always the easiest.	Neal Stephenson / Cryptonomicon (1999)
"But I Don't want to go among mad people" Alice remarked. "Oh, you can't help that" said the Cat. "We're all mad here. I'm mad, You're mad." "How do you know I'm mad?" said Alice. "You must be mad," said the Cat, "Or you wouldn't come here" 	LewisCarroll
I do not believe that any type of religion should ever be introduced into the public schools of the United States.	Thomas Edison
Once there was a time when all people believed in God and the church ruled. This time is called the Dark Ages.
I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours.	Stephen Roberts
. . . once a person admits to not believing in God, this raises the question of whether or not that person believes in America . . .	[Chief spokesman for National office of the Boy Scouts]
No, I don't know that atheists should be considered as citizens, nor should they be considered as patriots. This is one nation under God. 	George Bush
A society without religion is like a crazed psychopath without a loaded .45
Give a man a fish, and you'll feed him for a day; Give him a religion, and he'll starve to death while praying for a fish.
I think I'll believe in Gosh instead of God. If you don't believe in Gosh, you'll be darned to heck.
If you ask the wrong questions you get answers like '42' or 'God'.
Power corrupts; Absolute power corrupts absolutely; God is all-powerful. Draw your own conclusion
The only difference between God and Adolf Hitler is that God is more proficient at genocide.
If there were a god, there would be no need for religion. If there were not a god, there would be no need for religion.
Faith - the ability to believe the ridiculous for the sublime
Scriptures: The sacred books of our holy religion, as distinguished from the false and profane writings on which all other faiths are based.
Infidel: In New York, one who does not believe in the Christian religion; in Constantinople, one who does.
Never before have I encountered such corrupt and foul-minded perversity! Have you ever considered a career in the Church?
If Jesus had been killed 20 years ago, Catholic school children would be wearing little Electric Chairs around their necks instead of crosses
God and Country are an unbeatable team; they break all records for oppression and bloodshed.
Believing is easier than thinking. Hence so many more believers than thinkers.
I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State.My idea is that these two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them together is certain death
We found that we didn't have much problem with him [J.C.],it was his followers we found questionable.	Graham Chapman, discussing making of "Life of Brian"
The problem with all language bigots is that they're basically just hammer-wielding little children who observe the world purely in terms of nails.
There is no question that gazing at breasts makes men healthier.	Dr Karen Weatherby
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex... It takes a touch of genius --- and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.	Albert Einstein
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality	Albert Einstein
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler 	Albert Einstein
Great spirits have always found violent opposition from mediocrity's. The latter cannot understand it when a man does not thoughtlessly submit to hereditary prejudices but honestly and courageously uses his intelligence	Albert Einstein
I am neither especially clever nor especially gifted. I am only very, very curious.	ALbert Einstein
I don't believe in mathematics.	Albert Einstein
If A equals success, then the formula is: A = X + Y + Z, X is work. Y is play. Z is keep your mouth shut. 	Albert Einstein
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. 	Albert Einstein
Intellectuals solve problems; geniuses prevent them. 	Albert Einstein
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by. 	Douglas Adams
Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk.	Jack Handy
Consider the daffodil. And while you're doing that, I'll be over here, looking through your stuff. 	Jack Handy
To alcohol! the cause of, and solution to, all of lifes problems.	 Homer Simpson
You are not expected to understand this.	 A Comment From The Source Of Unix 6th Ed, Unix/Slp.C, Line 438
Linux is like living in a teepee. No Windows, no Gates, Apache in house.	Usenet Signature
Happy shall he be, that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the stones.	Psalm 137:9:
Usewhitespacetoenhancereadability	Steve McConnell, Code Complete
The world holds two classes of men -- intelligent men without religion, and religious men without intelligence.	Abu'l-Ala-Al-Ma'arri (973-1057; Syrian poet)
Making fun of born-again Christians is like hunting dairy cows with a high powered rifle and scope.	P.J. O'Rourke
My own view on religion is that of Lucretius. I regard it as a disease born of fear and as a source of untold misery to the human race. I cannot, however, deny that it has made some contributions to civilization. It helped in early days to fix the calendar, and it caused Egyptian priests to chronicle eclipses with such care that in time they became able to predict them. These two services I am prepared to acknowledge, but I do not know of any others	George Bernhard Shaw
Humanity's first sin was faith; the first virtue was doubt.
Losing your faith is a lot like losing your virginity, you don't realise how irritating it was 'til it's gone
Theists think all gods but theirs are false. Atheists simply don't make an exception for the last one.
Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned.
Jesus loves the Ku Klux Klanners, Jesus loves the KKK, Pointy hats and flowing robes, Burning crosses, homophobes! Jesus loves the Klanners of the world!
Fantastic doctrines (like Christianity or Islam or Marxism) require unanimity of belief. One dissenter casts doubt on the creed of millions. Thus the fear and hate; thus the torture chamber, the iron stake, the gallows, the labor camp, the psychiatric ward.	Edward Abbey
Father says bow your head, Like the Good Book says. I think the Good Book is missing some pages	Tori Amos
To surrender to ignorance and call it God has always been premature, and it remains premature today.	Isaac Asimov
The earth is flat, and anyone who disputes this claim is an atheist who deserves to be punished Muslim religious edict, 1993 by Sheik Abdel-Aziz Ibn Baaz, Supreme religious authority, Saudi Arabia
Religion, n: A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the Nature of the Unknowable.	Ambrose Bierce
How can you have order in a state without religion? For, when one man is dying of hunger near another who is ill of surfeit, he cannot resign himself to this difference unless there is an authority which declares 'God wills it thus.' Religion is excellent stuff for keeping common people quiet	Napoleon Bonaparte
An apology for the devil: it must be remembered that we have heard one side of the case. God has written all the books	Samuel Butler
Today, Jesus' name is used to divide us, to make us intolerant, bigoted, hateful. There is nowhere Jesus could be born today were he would feel comfortable. Jesus is being betrayed by the people who claim to believe in him.	F. Forrester Church
Pencil and paper /n./: an archaic information storage and transmission device that works by depositing smears of graphite on bleached wood pulp. More recent developments in paper-based technology include improved `write-once' update devices which use tiny rolling heads similar to mouse balls to deposit colored pigment. All these devices require an operator skilled at so-called 'handwriting' technique.	The Jargon File
All programmers are optimists. Perhaps this modern sorcery especially attracts those who believe in happy endings and fairy godmothers. Perhaps the hundreds of nitty frustrations drive away all but those who habitually focus on the end goal. Perhaps it is merely that computers are young, programmers are younger, and the young are always optimists. But however the selection process works, the result is indisputable: 'This time it will surely run' or 'I just found the last bug'	Fred Brooks
Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because God is not capricious or arbitrary. No such faith comforts the software engineer.	Fred Brooks
Managing senior programmers is like herding cats	Dave Platt
Artificial Intelligence: the art of making computers that behave like the ones in movies	Bill Bulko
You start coding. I'll go find out what they want	Computer analyst to programmer
Programmers are tools for converting caffeine into code.
3 Biggest Software Lies: • The program's fully tested and bug-free.• We're working on the documentation.• Of course we can modify it
It's 5.50 a.m.... Do you know where your stack pointer is ?"
I have yet to meet a C compiler that is more friendly and easier to use than eating soup with a knife.
Going from programming in Pascal to programming in C, is like learning to write in Morse code	J.P. Candusso.
... one of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs.	Robert Firth
C is quirky, flawed, and an enormous success.	Dennis M Ritchie
The C Programming Language - A language which combines the flexibility of assembly language with the power of assembly language
The number of the beast - vi vi vi.
Fifty years of programming language research, and we end up with C++ ???	Richard A. O'Keefe
Writing in C or C++ is like running a chain saw with all the safety guards removed	Bob Gray
The evolution of languages: FORTRAN is a non-typed language. C is a weakly typed language. Ada is a strongly typed language. C++ is a strongly hyped language	Ron Sercely
C(++) is a write-only, high-level assembler language	Stefan van Baelen
FORTRAN was the language of choice for the same reason that three-legged races are popular	Ken Thompson
Consistently separating words by spaces became a general custom about the tenth century A.D., and lasted until about 1957, when FORTRAN abandoned the practice.	Sun FORTRAN Reference Manual
They don't make bugs like Bunny anymore	Olav Mjelde
If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it	Donald E. Knuth
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features
It can be shown that for any nutty theory, beyond-the-fringe political view or strange religion there exists a proponent on the Net. The proof is left as an exercise for your kill-file	Bertil Jonell
Hey ! It compiles ! Ship it!
Those who can't write programs, write help files
Smash forehead on keyboard to continue...
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue...
Blink your eyelids periodically to lubricate your eyes	Page 16 of the HP "Environmental Health Safety Handbook for Employees"
There's no problem so large it can't be solved by killing the user off, deleting their files, closing their account and reporting their REAL earnings to the IRS	The B.O.F.H
Of course, the best way to get accurate information on Usenet is to post something wrong and wait for corrections.	Matthew Austern
Your mouse has moved. Windows NT must be restarted for the change to take effect. Reboot now ? [OK]
WinNT: All the headaches of Unix, but in a pretty, windowed environment
Overall, OS/2's problems fall into two categories: IBM and Microsoft	Jean-Louis Gassee
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight	Bill Gates
I had a fortune cookie the other day and it said: 'Outlook not so good'. I said: 'Sure, but Microsoft ships it anyway'
Intel: We put the 'um...' in Pentium
It will be happened; it shall be going to be happening; it will be was an event that could will have been taken place in the future.	Arnold Rimmer
"I meant," said Iplsore bitterly, "what is there in this world that makes living worthwhile?" Death thought about it. "CATS," he said eventually, "CATS ARE NICE."	Terry Pratchett Sourcery
"So we're surrounded by absolutely nothing. There's a word for it. It's what you get when there's nothing left and everything's been used up."  "Yes. I think it's called the bill." 	Terry Pratchett, Eric
In fact, the mere act of opening the box will determine the state of the cat, although in this case there were three determinate states the cat could be in: these being Alive, Dead, and Bloody Furious.	Schrodinger's Moggy explained (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
In the Beginning there was nothing, which exploded.	(Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
The Monks of Cool, whose tiny and exclusive monastery is hidden in a really cool and laid-back valley in the lower Ramtops, have a passing-out test for a novice. He is taken into a room full of all types of clothing and asked: Yo, my son, which of these is the most stylish thing to wear? And the correct answer is: Hey, whatever I select.	Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies
"While I'm still confused and uncertain, it's on a much higher plane, d'you see, and at least I know I'm bewildered about the really fundamental and important facts of the universe." Treatle nodded. "I hadn't looked at it like that," he said, "But you're absolutely right. He's really pushed back the boundaries of ignorance."	Discworld scientists at work (Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites)
The computer was conceived as a tool to reduce complexity. Some people found this loss of complexity unacceptable, and developed UNIX to reintroduce it.
Curiously enough, the volume of interest and public debate is often inversely proportional to the importance of a feature. The reason is that it is much easier to have a firm opinion on a minor feature than on a major one; minor features fit directly into the current state of affairs, whereas major ones - by definition - do not.	Bjarne Stroustrup
I see the internet comes on computers these days.... 	Homer Simpson
The Devil's greatest accomplishment was the invention of religion
If you have any trouble sounding condescending, find a Unix user to show you how it's done. 	Scott Adams
I would not live forever, because we should not live forever, because if we were ever supposed to live forever, then we would live forever, but we cannot live forever, which is why I would not live forever.	Miss Alabama 1994
Hand wash - but don't emmerse - glass lined vacuum bottles in dishwashing detergent and warm water, Use a bottle brush if necessary. Rinse and invert to dry.	Reader's Digest Household Hints & Handy Tips
Store cast-iron cooking pots in a dry place between paper towels, leaving lids off to prevent mustiness, moisture, and rusting. 	Reader's Digest Household Hints & Handy Tips
If a mattress or box spring becomes dirty or stained, clean it with foaming upholdery shampoo. Let it dry completely before making up the bed.	Reader's Digest Household Hints & Handy Tips
Put petroleum jelly on the lip of your plunger. It will help to stabilize it's position on the drain hole. 	Reader's Digest Household Hints & Handy Tips
A burst washer hose can flood your house. Always turn off the faucets when you finish washing.If household members tend to forget put up a sign to remind them.	Reader's Digest Household Hints & Handy Tips
Wipe off light bulbs occasionally with a damp sponge to maintain maximum light. But first be sure that the bulbs are cool and that the lamp is disconnected.	Reader's Digest Household Hints & Handy Tips
Scented carpet deoderizers serve a dual purpose: the rug smells better and so does the vacuum. 	Reader's Digest Household Hints & Handy Tips
Turn rugs around periodically so that they wear and soil evenly. 	Reader's Digest Household Hints & Handy Tips
If you're in doubt when applying fresh wax to your floors, remember that it's better to use too little than to use too much.	Reader's Digest Household Hints & Handy Tips
If you're annoyed by hangers getting tangled, remove the pole and saw shallow notches at 1/2 inch intervals along it's top edge. 	Reader's Digest Household Hints & Handy Tips
Cover half the holes in the top of a can of scouring powder with masking tape and the can will last twice as long. 	Reader's Digest Household Hints & Handy Tips
To keep small appliances handy without extra clutter, put them behind small, hinged shutters or doors at the rear of the countertop.	Reader's Digest Household Hints & Handy Tips
Arguing on the internet is like running in the Special Olympics - Even if you win, you are still retarded
Computers are useless. They only give answers	Picasso
Imagination is more important than knowledge. - Albert Einstein
What does an agnostic dyslexic insomniac do? They stay up all night wondering whether or not there is a dog.
At first I was torn... I've grown very fond of being unemployed. But when a friend pointed out I would always have that to fall back on I felt better about it.	Tommy Kenday, race car driver
Computer games don't affect kids. I mean if Pac-Man affected us as kids, we'd all be running around in darkened rooms, munching magic pills and listening to repetitive electronic music.	Kristian Wilson, Nintendo Inc. 1989
Redmond, WA - Microsoft in a recent all cash deal has purchased evil from Satan for $2.7 billion.  "We've been after Satan for some time," said CEO Steve Ballmer.  "Negotiations were tough but I think both Microsoft and the Prince of Darkness are happy with this deal.
Philadelphia, PA - In news that is sure to excite the Linux community, long time Linux developer Todd Stanton got laid.Word spread rapidly on message boards and on IRC.  "It's pretty irresponsible of him and shows his lack of dedication to Linux and the open source movement," said Fred Simpson.  "If others try to emulate this behavior then a lot of projects could get derailed. "This is the third such occurrence for Linux developers since 1991."
There is a solution to racism - we all just need to fuck each other until we´re all the same color.
May I have the serenity to accept the things I cannot change,the strength to change the things I cannot accept, and the cunning to hide the bodies of those who got in my way.
The meek shall inherit the earth because the bold will get the house.
All Bibles are man-made.	Thomas Edison
So far as religion of the day is concerned, it is a damned fake... Religion is all bunk.	Thomas Edison
If there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur of this life.	Camus
So long as the priest, that professional negator, slanderer and poisoner of life, is regarded as a superior type of human being, there cannot be any answer to the question: What is Truth?	Nietzsche
FAITH - An attitude fostered by individuals in high places in order to ensure the subservience of those in their charge.
Fundamentalism means never having to say "I'm wrong."
If Atheism is a religion, then health is a disease!	Clark Adams
Faith is deciding to allow yourself to believe something your intellect would otherwise cause you to reject -- otherwise there's no need for faith.
If the Bible is mistaken in telling us where we came from, how can we trust it to tell us where we're going?
I suggest that the anthropomorphic god-idea is not a harmless infirmity of human thought, but a very noxious fallacy, which is largely responsible for the calamities the world is at present enduring	William Archer
If triangles had a God, He'd have three sides.	Old Yiddish proverb
I don't believe in God for the same reason I don't believe in Mother Goose.	Clarence Darrow
Your Highness, I have no need of this hypothesis.	 Pierre Laplace (1749-1827), to Napoleon on why his works on celestial mechanics make no mention of God.
I have too much respect for the idea of God to make it responsible for such an absurd world.	Georges Duhamel
Operationally, God is beginning to resemble not a ruler but the last fading smile of a cosmic Cheshire cat.	Sir Julian Huxley
A myth is a religion in which no one any longer believes.	James Feibleman
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.	Galileo Galilei
I'm still an atheist, thank God.	Luis Bunuel
The fact that a believer is happier than a skeptic is no more to the point than the fact than a drunken man is happier than a sober one.	George Bernhard Shaw
When ideas fail, words come in very handy.	Goethe
Theology is a study with no answers, because it has no subject matter.
Two hands working can do more than a thousand clasped in prayer.
Frisbeetarianism, n.: The belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck.
And Jesus said unto them, "And whom do you say that I am?" They replied,"You are the eschatological manifestation of the ground of our being, the ontological foundation of the context of our very selfhood revealed. And Jesus replied, "What?"
Religious reasons do not excuse violence: they accuse religion.
I went to church to confess my sins to God. And then I realized there was no God and I had no sins.
Organized religion is responsible for the brainwashing of millions of young children too young to know the difference between reality and the fantasies of millions. Save Yourself. Drop Christianity.
A zealot's stones will break my bones, but gods will never hurt me.
I once believed in god. I got better.
The fool says in his heart, "There is no God." The Wise Man Says it to the World.
In Ottawa the xians put up an "abortion stills a beating heart" poster outside the local abortion clinic. Someone wrote over it: "A christian with a gun stills a beating heart."
God hated the world so much that he sent his only son so that whoever does not believe in him will perish and be denied eternal life.
We preach peace, forgiveness, tolerance and love. We practice vengeance, persecution, hatred and domination. My personal beliefs are supported and validated by my convictions. Oh, and never forget .... my religion is truth, yours is a lie.
If god doesn't like the way I live, Let him tell me, not you.
The missionaries go forth to Christianize the savages-- as if the savages weren't dangerous enough already.	Edward Abbey
The question before the human race is, whether the God of nature shall govern the world by his own laws, or whether priests and kings shall rule it by fictitious miracles?	John Adams
If the lord had meant us to have faith, he'd have given us lobotomies.	Zlatko
Well, why did the Puritans come to this country?" a teacher asked his history class. "To worship in their own way and to make other people do the same" was the reply.
My best advice to anyone who wants to raise a happy, mentally healthy child is: KEEP HIM OR HER AS FAR AWAY FROM A CHURCH AS YOU CAN.	Frank Zappa
The only difference between a cult and a religion is the amount of real estate they own.	Frank Zappa
I don't want to see any religious people in public office because they're working for another boss.	Frank Zappa
America was founded by the refuse of the religious fanatics of England, these undesirable elements that came over on the Mayflower. Ignorant, religious fanatics who land here, abuse the Indians, and then go to bed with a board down the middle, you know, the bundling board, so they don't have sex. That's how we got started.	Frank Zappa
The Jews are a frightened people. Nineteen centuries of Christian love have broken down their nerves.	Israel Zangwill
A Christian is a man who feels repentance on Sunday for what he did on Saturday, and what he is going to do on Monday.	Thomas Ybarra
If God dropped acid, would he see people?	Stephen Wright
If he [god] is wise, why did he not compose a coherent account of what he wanted mankind to do? No, the Bible is not such an account; nobody can agree in what it says. The very god who, according to those who believe in him, made every last electron spin in its orbit everywhere throughout the universe, still cannot write a clear, unmistakable volume of instructions to human beings who are supposed to follow his wishes, Instead, he allegedly gives us the Bible or Koran, or some other jumble of ridiculous and ancient superstitions...	Fred Woodworth
[Fundamentalists] never wonder why, if herpes is sent by 'god' to scourge "adulterers," whooping cough and measles weren't purposely created to lambaste children.	Fred Woodworth
A cult is a religion with no political power	Tom Wolfe
I draw my warrant from the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments to hold the slave in bondage.	Rev. Thomas Witherspoon, Presbyterian, of Alabama
Why do born-again people so often make you wish hey'd never been born the first time?	Katherine Whitehorn
The main doctrine of a fanatic's creed is that his enemies are the enemies of God.	Andrew White
I do not believe I have any immortality. The greatest evil in the world today is the Christian religion.	HG Wells
When you know the LORD you have no need for masturbation.
By the cold and religious we were taken in hand shown how to feel good; and told to feel bad.	Pink Floyd - The Final Cut
I thank God I was raised Catholic, so sex will always be dirty	John Waters
When the church teaches that "confession is good for the soul," it teaches false doctrine; it is only good for the church.	Lemuel K Washburn
Hell is where cowards have sent heroes.	Lemuel K Washburn
To build one house for man is better than to build a dozen houses to God.	Lemuel K Washburn
A great many people who worship Jesus would not let him come at the back door.	Lemuel K Washburn
Most men would kill the truth if truth would kill their religion.	Lemuel K Washburn
We must condemn christianity, not christians; strike the church, but spare the heart.	 Lemuel K Washburn
Christianity is a black spot on the page of civilization.	Lemuel K Washburn
We are then to conclude that Christianity is held only by the ignorant.	Lemuel K Washburn
Holy Scripture: A book sent down from heaven.... Holy Scriptures contain all that a Christian should know and believe, provided he adds to it a million or so commentaries.	Voltaire
As long as people believe in absurdities they will continue to commit atrocities.	Voltaire
The first priest was the first rogue who met the first fool.	Voltaire
Nothing can be more contrary to religion and the clergy than reason and common sense.
It is one of the superstitions of the human mind to have imagined that virginity could be a virtue.	Voltaire
I have only made but one prayer in my life: "O Lord, make my enemies ridiculous." And God granted it.	Voltaire
It ain't the parts of the Bible that I can't understand that bother me, it is the parts that I do understand.	Mark Twain
If there is a God, he is a malign thug.	Mark Twain
If Christ were here now there is one thing he would not be -- a Christian.	Mark Twain
Of the delights of this world, man cares most for sexual intercourse, yet he has left it out of his heaven	Mark Twain
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.	Mark Twain
In the beginning Man created God; and in the image of Man created he him.	Jethro Tull - Aqualung
Do you want real TRUTH in capital letters? Then search yourself for why you believe the things you do. Don't be afraid to analyze why your religion gives you the high it does. Answer yourself this question: Is TRUTH important enough for me to give up my religion if that is required? Until you answer yes to this you are not being honest with yourself.	Dave Trissel
I believe Christ was a man like ourselves; to look upon him as God would seem to me the greatest of sacrileges	Leo Tolstoy
We will find you, we will try you, and we will execute you. I mean every word of it.	[Randall Terry, founder of Operation Rescue, at the Aug 8, 1995 U.S. Taxpayers Alliance Banquet in Washington DC, talking about doctors who perform abortions and volunteer escorts
Let a wave of intolerance wash over you. I want you to let a wave of hatred wash over you. Yes, hate is good.... If a Christian voted for Clinton, he sinned against God. It's that simple.... Our goal is a Christian Nation... we have a biblical duty, we are called by God to conquer this country. We don't want equal time. We don't want Pluralism. We want theocracy. Theocracy means God rules. I've got a hot flash. God rules.	Randall Terry, Head of Operation Rescue,
A woman is a pitcher full of filth with it's mouth full of blood, yet all run after her	Talmud
There is no such source and cause of strife, quarrel, fights, malignant opposition, persecution, and war, and all evil in the state, as religion. Let it once enter our civil affairs, our government would soon be destroyed. Let it once enter our common schools, they would be destroyed.	Supreme Court of Wisconsin, Weiss v. District Board, March 18, 1890
Would raise a glass of champagne, but I don't drink... won't thank he great Mojo since I'm an atheist. But there's always chocolate.	J Michael Straczynski
Thank you, but I'm afraid I can't accept your compliment. You see, I'm an atheist, so if I'm also God, that would mean that I don't believe in myself, and at this point in my life, I don't need the added insecurity.	J Michael Straczynski, when told by a fan that he was God
The world is proof that God is a committee.	Bob Stokes
Any god that can be killed, should be killed
God has no place in the public schools, just like facts have no place in organized religion.	Superintendent Chalmers
Suppose we've chosen the wrong god. Every time we go to church we're just making him madder and madder	Homer Simpson
Marge, have you ever actually sat down and read this thing? Technically, we're not even allowed to go to the bathroom.	Reverend Lovejoy
I was at Bible camp, learning how to be more judgmental.	Maude Flanders
Dear God. We paid for all this stuff ourselves, so thanks for nothing.	Bart Simpson saying grace
The extracts from Holy Writ unequivocally assert the right of property in slaves.	Rev. E.D. Simms, professor, Randolph-Macon College
I do not consider it a sign of divine love to consign to hell people who live good lives but make an honest mistake in belief	Moshe Shulman
There is only one religion, though there are a hundred versions of it.	George Bernhard Shaw
It is not disbelief that is dangerous to our society; it is belief.	George Bernhard Shaw
No man ever believes that the Bible means what it says: He is always convinced that it says what he means.
I see little divinity about them or you. You talk to me of Christianity when you are in the act of hanging your enemies. Was there ever such blasphemous nonsense!	Shaw
Why should we take advice on sex from the pope? If he knows anything about it, he shouldn't!	GB Shaw
To kill a man is not to defend a doctrine, but to kill a man.	Michael Servetus
Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for it trains people as to how they shall think.	Arthur Schopenhauer
Consider, for example, the Koran. This wretched book was sufficient to found a religion of the world, to satisfy the metaphysical need of innumerable millions of men for twelve hundred years, to become the foundation of their morality, and of no small contempt for death, and also to inspire them to bloody wars and most extended conquests.	Schopenhauer
A healthy nature needs no God or immortality.	Johann Schiller
God is dead. Let us not understand by this that he does not exist or even that he no longer exists. He is dead. He spoke to us and is silent. We no longer have anything but his cadaver. Perhaps he slipped out of the world, somewhere else like the soul of a dead man. Perhaps he was only a dream...God is dead.	Sartre
For Shakespeare, in the matter of religion, the choice lay between Christianity and nothing. He chose nothing.
The Bible is a wonderful source of inspiration for those who don't understand it.	George Santayana
Two recent surveys rate the United States at the top among Western nations in belief in God and at the bottom among six major countries in school kids' understanding of science and math. This could be dismissed as chance, but it shouldn't be. While our economic competitors' schools are teaching students advanced math and science, many of our schools are wasting energy debating whether to teach evolution or creationism, which maintains that God created the universe over a six-day period about 6,000 years ago.	Bill Mandel
He posted no brief in defense or mitigation of his offenses, and when he was most solemnly advised by the Court President of the dire consequences he faced if found guilty, Juan Damasceno volunteered only one comment: It will mean I do not go to the Christian heaven?' He was told that that would indeed be the worst of his punishments:that he would most assuredly not go to Heaven. At which, his smile sent a thrill of horror through every soul of the Court." "Aztec" - Gary Jennings
Religion is a monumental chapter in the history of human egotism.	William James (1842-1910)
In all ages hypocrites, called priests, have put crowns upon the heads of thieves, called kings.	Robert G Ingersoll
One good schoolmaster is worth a thousand priests.	Robert G Ingersoll
All the meanness, all the revenge, all the selfishness, all the cruelty, all the hatred, all the infamy of which the heart of man is capable, grew, blossomed and bore fruit in this one word, Hell.	Ingersoll
Fear believes -- courage doubts. Fear falls upon the earth and prays -- courage stands erect and thinks. Fear is barbarism -- courage is civilization. Fear believes in witchcraft, in devils and in ghosts. Fear is religion, courage is science.	Robert G Ingersoll
As long as man believes the Bible to be infallible, that book is his master. The civilization of this century is not the child of faith, but of unbelief -- the result of free thought.	Robert G Ingersoll
The book, called the Bible, is filled with passages equally horrible, unjust and atrocious. This is the book to be read in schools in order to make our children loving, kind and gentle! This is the book they wish to be recognized in our Constitution as the source of all authority and justice!	Ingersoll
Nothing is so pleasing to these gods as the butchery of unbelievers. Nothing so enrages them, even now, as to have someone deny their existence.	Ingersoll
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so	Douglas Adams
Ford, you're turning into a penguin. Stop it.
If there's anything more important than my ego around, I want it caught and shot now.
In those days spirits were brave, the stakes were high, men were REAL men, women were REAL women, and small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were REAL small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri.
In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.	Douglas Adams
The fronting for the eighty-yard long marble-topped bar had been made by stitching together nearly twenty thousand Antarean Mosaic Lizard skins, despite the fact that the twenty thousand lizards concerned had needed them to keep their insides in.
`The first ten million years were the worst,' said Marvin, `and the second ten million, they were the worst too. The third ten million I didn't enjoy at all. After that I went into a bit of a decline.'
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.	Douglas Adams
We've got to find out what people want from fire, how they relate to it, what sort of image it has for them.' The crowd were tense. They were expecting something wonderful from Ford.`Stick it up your nose,' he said.`Which is precisely the sort of thing we need to know,' insisted the girl, `Do people want fire that can be fitted nasally?'
Man had always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much... the wheel, New York, wars, and so on, whilst all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely the dolphins believed themselves to be more intelligent than man for precisely the same reasons.	Douglas Adams
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarrely inexeplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened.	Douglas Adams
My doctor says that I have a malformed public-duty gland and a natural deficiency in moral fibre, and that I am therefore excused from saving Universes.
Anything that happens, happens. Anything that, in happening, causes something else to happen, causes something else to happen. Anything that, in happening, causes itself to happen again, causes itself to happen again. It doesn't all necessarily happen chronologically, though.	Douglas Adams
God's final message to Creation: Sorry for the inconvenience.	Douglas Adams
I cannot conceive of a God who rewards and punishes his creatures, or has a will of the type of which we are conscious in ourselves. An individual who should survive his physical death is also beyond my comprehension, such notions are for the fears or absurd egoism of feeble souls.	Albert Einstein
God does not play dice with the universe: He plays an ineffable game of His own devising, which might be compared, from the perspective of any of the other players,* to being involved in an obscure and complex version of poker in a pitch-dark room, with balcnk cards, for infinite stakes, with a Dealer who won't tell you the rules, and who smiles all the time.	Neil Gaiman/Terry Pratchett
Lord, protect me from your followers!
I have examined all the known superstitions of the word, and I do not find in our particular superstition of Christianity one redeeming feature. They are all alike founded on fables and mythology. Millions of innocent men, women and children, since the introduction of Christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined and imprisoned. What has been the effect of this coercion? To make one half the world fools and the other half hypocrites; to support roguery and error all over the earth	Thomas 
The knack of flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.	Douglas Adams
You barbarians! I'll sue the council for every penny it's got! I'l have you hung, drawn, and quartered! And whipped! And boiled...until...until...until you've had enough. And then I will do it again! And when I've finished I will take all the little bits, and I will JUMP on them! And I will carry on jumping on them until I get blisters, or I can think of anything even more unpleasant to do...	Arthur Dent
It is known that there are an infinite number of worlds, simply because there is an infinite amount of space for them. However, not every one of them is inhabited. Therefore, there must be a finite number of inhabited worlds. Any finite number divided by infinity is as near to nothing as makes no odds, so the average population of all the planets in the Universe can be said to be zero. From this it follows that the population of the whole Universe is also zero, and that any people you may meet from time to time are merely the products of a deranged imagination.	The Guide
God made me an atheist. Who are you to question his wisdom?
I reverse the phrase of Voltaire, and say that if God really existed, it would be necessary to abolish him.	Michael Bakunin
It is fashionable to wax apocalyptic about the threat to humanity posed by the AIDS virus, "mad cow" disease, and many others, but I think a case can be made that faith is one of the world's great evils, comparable to the smallpox virus but harder to eradicate.	Richard Dawkins
This would be the best of all possible worlds if there were no [organized] religion in it	John Adams
I do not see how it is possible for an intelligent human being to conclude that the Song of Solomon is the work of God, and that the tragedy of Lear was the work of an uninspired man.	Robert Ingersoll
We must question the story logic of having an all-knowing all-powerful God, who creates faulty Humans, and then blames them for his own mistakes.	Gene Roddenberry
My spell-checker lacks the word 'creationism' in its dictionary, so each time that word is encountered, an alternative pops up at the bottom of my screen, 'cretinism'	E.T. Babinski
Jesus' last words on the cross, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" hardly seem like the words of a man who planned it that way. It doesn't take Sherlock Holmes to figure there is something wrong here.	Donald Morgan
But a short time elapsed after the death of the great reformer of the Jewish religion, before his principles were departed from by those who professed to be his special servants, and perverted into an engine for enslaving mankind, and aggrandizing their oppressors in Church and State.	Thomas Jefferson
...any belief in supernatural creators, rulers, or influencers of natural or human process introduces an irreparable split into the universe, and prevents us from grasping its real unity. Any belief in Absolutes, whether the absolute validity of moral commandments, of authority of revelation, of inner certitudes, or of divine inspiration, erects a formidable barrier against progress and the responsibility of improvement, moral, rational, and religious.	Julian Huxley
To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin.	Cardinal Bellarmine
I do think the Roman Catholic religion is a disease of the mind which has a particular epidemiology similar to that of a virus... Religion is a terrific meme. That's right. But that doesn't make it true and I care about what's true. Smallpox virus is a terrific virus. It does its job magnificently well. That doesn't mean that it's a good thing. It doesn't mean that I don't want to see it stamped out.	Richard Dawkins
Religion is fundamentally opposed to everything I hold in veneration--courage, clear thinking, honesty, fairness, and, above all, love of the truth.	Henry Louis Mencken
The sense of spiritual relief, which comes from rejecting the idea of God as a supernatural being, is enormous.	Julian Huxley
Take from the church the miraculous, the supernatural, the incomprehensible, the unreasonable, the impossible, the unknowable, the absurd, and nothing but a vacuum remains.	Robert G Ingersoll
There are none more ignorant and useless, than they that seek answers on their knees, with their eyes closed
Several thousand years ago, a small tribe of ignorant near-savages wrote various collections of myths, wild tales, lies, and gibberish. Over the centuries, these stories were embroidered, garbled, mutilated, and torn into small pieces that were then repeatedly shuffled. Finally, this material was badly translated into several languages successively. The resultant text, creationists feel, is the best guide to this complex and technical subject.	Tom Weller
Christian Fundamentalism: The doctrine that there is an absolutely powerful, infinitely knowledgeable, universe spanning entity that is deeply and personally concerned about my sex life.
'God is as real as I am', the old man said. I was relieved since I knew Santa wouldn't lie to me...
Anyone who engages in the practice of psychotherapy confronts every day the devastation wrought by the teachings of religion.	Nathaniel Branden, Ph.D
For those who believe in God, most of the big questions are answered. But for those of us who can't readily accept the God formula, the big answers don't remain stone- written. We adjust to new conditions and discoveries. We are pliable. Love need not be a command or faith a dictum. I am my own God. We are here to unlearn the teachings of the church, state, and our educational system. We are here to drink beer. We are here to kill war. We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us.	Charles Bukowski
Religion has actually convinced people that there's an invisible man living in the sky who watches everything you do, every minute of every day. And the invisible man has a special list of 10 things he does not want you to do. And if you do any of these 10 things he has a special place full of fire and smoke and burning and torture and anguish where he will send you to live and suffer and burn and choke and scream and cry for ever and ever until the end of time...but he loves you.	George Carlin
When a man ceases to believe in god, he does not believe in nothing. He believes in everything.	G.K Chesterton
I've been reading an Alabama newspaper that one man shot another man because he beat him in a Bible-quoting competition.
I believe the spreading of Catholicism to be the most horrible means of political and social degradation left in the world.	Charles Dickens
Asked soon after Carl's death: "Didn't [Sagan] want to believe?" She responded, "He didn't want to believe. He wanted to  know."	Carl Sagan's wife Ann Druyan
The gods can either take away evil from the world and will not, or, being willing to do so, cannot; or they neither can nor will, or lastly, they are both able and willing. If they have the will to remove evil and cannot, then they are not omnipotent. If they can, but will not, than they are not benevolent. If they are neither able nor willing, then they are neither omnipotent nor benevolent. Lastly, if they are both able and willing to annihilate evil, how does it exist?	Epicures
If 50 million people believe a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing	Anatole France
In the long run nothing can withstand reason and experience, and the contradiction religion offers to both is only too palpable.	Sigmund Freud
Randomness scares people. Religion is a way to explain randomness.	Fran Lebowitz
I count religion but a childish toy, And hold there is no sin but ignorance.	Christopher Marlowe
The last Christian died on a cross.	Nietzsche
"I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time.	Nietzsche
In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality at any point.	Nietzsche
The only force more devastating than a nuclear holocaust is a group of Christians fresh out of church.	Matt Polek
It is an interesting and demonstrable fact, that all children are atheists and were religion not inculcated into their minds, they would remain so.	Ernestine Rose
This above all: to thine own self be true.	Polonius(Hamlet)
It's an incredible con job when you think about it, to believe something now in exchange for something after death. Even corporations with their reward systems don't try to make it posthumous.	Gloria Steinem
Truth in matters of religion is simply the opinion that has survived.	Oscar Wilde
Fundamentalists are like the fir trees in German forests: they cannot stand alone, and are only stable when crowded together, branches locked with those of their brothers. That is why we must always fear them, because they will always hate us for our individualism.	Brent Yaciw
Millions of innocent men, women, and children, since the introduction of Christianity, have been burned, tortured, fined, and imprisoned, yet we have not advanced one inch toward uniformity. What has been the effect of coercion? To make one half of the world fools and the other half hypocrites.	Thomas Jefferson
During almost fifteen centuries has the legal establishment of Christianity been on trial. What has been its fruits? More or less, in all places, pride and indolence in the clergy; ignorance and servility in the laity; in both, superstition, bigotry, and persecution.	James Madison
Our Bible reveals to us the character of our god with minute and remorseless exactness... It is perhaps the most damnatory biography that exists in print anywhere. It makes Nero an angel of light and leading by contrast	Mark Twain
O Lord our God, help us tear their soldiers to bloody shreds with our shells; help us to cover their smiling fields with the pale forms of their patriot dead; help us to drown the thunder of the guns with the shrieks of their wounded, writhing in pain; help us to lay waste their humble homes with a hurricane of fire; help us to wring the hearts of their unoffending widows with unavailing grief; help us to turn them out roofless with their little children to wander unfriended the wastes of their desolated land in rags and hunger and thirst, sports of the sun flames of summer and the icy winds of winter, broken in spirit, worn with travail, imploring Thee for the refuge of the grave and denied it...	Mark Twain
Man is a marvelous curiosity ... he thinks he is the Creator's pet ... he even believes the Creator loves him; has a passion for him; sits up nights to admire him; yes and watch over him and keep him out of trouble. He prays to him and thinks He listens. Isn't it a quaint idea.	Mark Twain
If there is a God, he is a malign thug.	Mark Twain
It was, of course, a lie what you read about my religious convictions, a lie which is being systematically repeated. I do not believe in a personal God and I have never denied this but have expressed it clearly. If something is in me which can be called religious then it is the unbounded admiration for the structure of the world so far as our science can reveal it.	Albert Einstein
If this being is omnipotent, then every occurrence, including every human action, every human thought, and every human feeling and aspiration is also His work; how is it possible to think of holding men responsible for their deeds and thoughts before such an almighty Being? In giving out punishment and rewards He would to a certain extent be passing judgment on Himself. How can this be combined with the goodness and righteousness ascribed to Him?	Albert Einstein
During the youthful period of mankind's spiritual evolution, human fantasy created gods in man's own image who, by the operations of their will were supposed to determine, or at any rate influence, the phenomenal world... The idea of God in the religions taught at present is a sublimation of that old conception of the gods. Its anthropomorphic character is shown, for instance, by the fact that men appeal to the Divine Being in prayers and plead for the fulfillment of their wishes... In their struggle for the ethical good, teachers of religion must have the stature to give up the doctrine of a personal God, that is, give up that source of fear and hope which in the past placed such vase power in the hands of priests.	Albert Einstein
All thinking men are atheists	Ernest Hemingway
I condemn false prophets, I condemn the effort to take away the power of rational decision, to drain people of their free will--and a hell of a lot of money in the bargain. Religions vary in their degree of idiocy, but I reject them all. For most people, religion is nothing more than a substitute for a malfunctioning brain.	Gene Roddenberry
It may be that our role on this planet is not to worship God, but to create him.	Arthur C Clarke
I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do because I notice it always coincides with their own desires.	Susan B Anthony
Lighthouses are more helpful than churches.	Benjamin Franklin
No man who ever lived knows any more about the hereafter ... than you and I; and all religion ... is simply evolved out of chicanery, fear, greed, imagination and poetry.	Edgar Allan Poe
Of all religions the Christian is without doubt the one which should inspire tolerance most, although up to now the Christians have been the most intolerant of all men.	Voltaire
Christianity is the most ridiculous, the most absurd and bloody religion that has ever infected the world.	Voltaire
Is God willing to prevent evil, but not able? Then he is not omnipotent. Is he able, but not willing? Then he is malevolent. Is he both able and willing? Then whence cometh evil? Is he neither able nor willing? Then why call him God?	Epicurus
Christ was only crucified once, and for a few hours. Think of the thousands he has been crucifying in a quiet way ever since	Samuel Butler
Men will never be free until the last king is strangled in the entrails of the last priest.	Denis Diderot
The Christian religion teaches us to imitate a God that is cruel, insidious, jealous, and implacable in his wrath.	Denis Diderot
Religion is too important a matter to its devotees to be a subject of ridicule. If they indulge in absurdities, they are to be pitied rather than ridiculed.	Immanuel Kant
No kingdom has ever suffered as many civil wars as the kingdom of Christ.	Baron de Montesquieu
Atheism is the vice of a few intelligent people.	Voltaire
Every sensible man, every honest man, must hold the Christian sect in horror. But what shall we substitute in it's place? you say. What? A ferocious animal has sucked the blood of my relatives. I tell you to rid yourselves of this beast, and you ask me what you shall put in it's place?	Voltaire
If a man would follow, today, the teachings of the Old Testament, he would be a criminal. If he would follow strictly the teachings of the New, he would be insane.	Robert G Ingersoll
The hands that help are better far than the lips that pray.	Robert G Ingersoll
In this "sacred" book of family scandals we find filth, sex orgies, cannibalism, atrocities, sex perversions, incest, bloody violence unparalleled in any other chronicle in all the literature of the world. Fortunately, not one- third of the human family has ever heard of the Christian Bible; not one-tenth of the Christians have ever read it, and no two who have read it agree as to its meaning. Won't you help get this book out of the hands of our children, out of decent homes, and out of hotel and motel rooms? 	Frank C Hughes
If God lived on earth, people would break his windows.	Jewish proverb
Christian: I'll pray for you. Atheist: Then I'll think for both of us.
I think therefore I'm dangerous
Whenever we read the obscene stories, the voluptuous debaucheries, the cruel and tortuous executions, the unrelenting vindictiveness with which more than half the Bible is filled, it would be more consistent that we call it the word of a demon than the word of God. It is a history of wickedness that has served to corrupt and brutalize mankind; and, for my part, I sincerely detest it, as I detest everything that is cruel.	Thomas Paine
The god of the Bible measures up to the level of a petty and vicious tyrant. The god of the bible punishes babies for the sins of their parents (Exodus 20:5, 34:7; Numbers 14:18; 2 Samuel 12:13-19); punishes people by causing them to become cannibals and eat their children (2 Kings 6:24-33, Lamentations 4:10-11); gives people bad laws, even requiring the sacrifice of their firstborn babies, so that they can be filled with horror and know that god is their lord (Ezekiel 20:25-26); causes people to believe lies so that he can send them to hell (2 Thessalonians 2:11), and many other atrocities, far too many to list here. It would not be hard to measure up to, and exceed, that level of moral purity. Atheists surpass it every day.	Doug Krueger
If you think your belief is based upon reason, you will support it by argument rather than by persecution, and will abandon it if the argument goes against you. But if your belief is based upon faith, you will realize that argument is useless, and will therefore resort to force either in the form of persecution or by stunting or distorting the minds of the young in what is called 'education.'	Bertrand Russell
I do not pretend to know what many ignorant men are sure -- that is all agnosticism means.	Clarence Darrow
Cabalistic Christianity, which is Catholic Christianity, and which has prevailed for 1,500 years, has received a mortal wound, of which the monster must finally die. Yet so strong is his constitution, that he may endure for centuries before he expires.	John Adams
Forgive, O Lord, any little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big one on me.	Robert Frost
Naturally, since [the Sumerians] didn't know what caused the flood anymore than we do, they blamed the gods.  (That's the advantage of religion. You're never short an explanation for anything.)	Isaac Asimov
No actual tyrant known to history has ever been guilty of one-hundredth of the crimes, massacres, and other atrocities attributed to the Deity in the Bible.	Steve Allen
The essence of Christianity is told us in the Garden of Eden history. The fruit that was forbidden was on the Tree of Knowledge. The subtext is, All the suffering you have is because you wanted to find out what was going on. You could be in the Garden of Eden if you had just kept your fucking mouth shut and hadn't asked any questions.	Frank Zappa
The Lord slew Onan, and to this day the Christian world cannot understand why he stopped with Onan, instead of slaying all the inhabitants for three hundred miles around -- they being innocent of offense, and therefore the very ones he would usually slay. For that had always been his idea of fair dealing. If he had had a motto, it would have read, 'Let no innocent person escape.'	Mark Twain
It is impossible that there should be inhabitants on the opposite side of the Earth, since no such race is recorded by Scripture among the descendants of Adam.	St. Augustine
Women should not be enlightened or educated in any way. They should, in fact, be segregated as they are the cause of hideous and involuntary erections in holy men.	St. Augustine
The good Christian should beware of mathematicians and all those who make empty prophecies. The danger already exists that mathematicians have made a covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and confine man in the bonds of Hell.	St. Augustine
We all know that those who instigate those doubts are the enemies of God, the enemies of religion and the enemies of all humanity. Their hearts are full of hatred.	The comment of the Justice Minister of Saudi Arabia to the Amnesty reports on the country's human rights record
The Christian glories in the death of a pagan, because thereby Christ himself is glorified.	St Bernard of Clairvaux
If we have to give up either religion or education, we should give up education.	William Jennings Bryan
I will never apologize for the United States of America - I don't care what the facts are.	George Bush, commenting on the killing of 290 passengers shot down by the USS Vincennes
Every woman should be filled with shame by the thought that she is a woman.	St. Clement of Alexandria
The truth is that nowhere on the face of the earth, in all of time, were servants better treated or better loved than they were in the Old South by white, black, Hispanic and Indian slave owners.	Senator Charles Davidson, Alabama R
The less we think or know about hygiene, the less we are predisposed to sickness	Mary Baker Eddy
The AIDs virus also discriminates on religious or political views. Those people who are liberals, or atheist, or agnostic, or buy into "new age" anything goes, are at high risk of getting AIDs and dying.	Bob Enyart
The little child is in this red hot oven. Hear how it screams to come out. See how it turns and twists itself about in the fire. It beats its head against the roof of the oven. It stamps its little feet on the floor of the oven. You can see on the face of this little child what you see on the faces of all in hell - despair, desperate and horrible! The same law which is for others is also for children. If children, knowingly and willingly, break God's commandments, they must also be punished like others. This child committed very bad mortal sins, knowing well the harm of what it was doing, and knowing that hell would be the punishment. God was very good to this child. Very likely God saw that this child would get worse and worse, and would never repent, and so it would have to be punished much more in hell. So God, in His mercy, called it out of the world in its early childhood.	Father John Furniss
We should always be disposed to believe that that which appears white is really black, if the hierarchy of the Church so decides.	Ignatius Loyola, founder of the Jesuits
A woman should endure any violence or torture imposed on her by her husband for she is fully at his disposal. Without his permission she may not leave her house even for a good action (such as charitable work). Otherwise her prayers and devotions will not be accepted by God and curses of heaven and earth will fall upon her.	Hojatoleslam Imani
Killing is a form of mercy because it rectifies the person. Sometimes a person cannot be reformed unless he is cut up and burnt. ... You must kill, burn and lock up those in opposition.	Ayatollah Khomeini
Read the Bible. It teaches you how to act. Read the hymn book. It contains the finest poetry ever written. Read the almanac. It shows you how to figure out what the weather will be. There isn't another book that is necessary for anyone to read, and therefore I am opposed to all libraries.	Hal Kimberly, Georgia legislator
It should be made clear that in order to live a Christian life, any Christian must be able to discriminate and hate, because that's what the bible says.	Bernhard Piper, Colorado Springs pastor
Reason should be destroyed in all Christians.	Martin Luther
The word and works of God is quite clear, that women were made either to be wives or prostitutes.	Martin Luther
Make short work with heretics, they can be condemned unheard. And while they are burning at the stake, the faithful should destroy the evil root and branch and bathe his hands in the blood of the bishops and the pope who is the devil in disguise.	Martin Luther
To embrace a woman is to embrace a sack of manure...	St. Odo of Cluny
It was once proposed that all religions persuasions should be free and their worship publicly exercised. We Catholics have rejected this article as contrary to Roman Catholic canon law	Pope Pius VII
It is a just retribution for improper sexual conduct. [on AIDS] 	Mother Teresa
By fearing whom I trust I find my way to truth; by trusting wholly I betray the trust of wisdom; better far is doubt which brings the false into the light of day.	Al-Ma'arri, Syrian poet
Hanifs [Muslims] are stumbling, Christians all astray Jews wildered, Magians far on error's way. We mortals are composed of two great schools: Enlightened knaves or else religious fools.	Al-Ma'arri, Syrian Poet
Shrines! Shrines! Surely you don't believe in the gods. What's your argument? Where's your proof?	Aristophanes
Men create gods after their own image, not only with regard to their form but with regard to their mode of life.	Aristotle
I don't believe in an afterlife, so I don't have to spend my whole life fearing hell, or fearing heaven even more. For whatever the tortures of hell, I think the boredom of heaven would be even worse.	Isaac Asimov
The fundamentalists deny that evolution has taken place; they deny that the earth and the universe as a whole are more than a few thousand years old, and so on. There is ample scientific evidence that the fundamentalists are wrong in these matters, and that their notions of cosmogony have about as much basis in fact as the Tooth Fairy has.	Isaac Asimov
It is precisely because it is fashionable for Americans to know no science, even though they may be well educated otherwise, that they so easily fall prey to nonsense. They thus become part of the armies of the night, the purveyors of nitwittery, the retailers of intellectual junk food, the feeders on mental cardboard, for their ignorance keeps them from distinguishing nectar from sewage. 	Isaac Asimov
Imagine the people who believe such things and who are not ashamed to ignore, totally, all the patient findings of thinking minds through all the centuries since the Bible was written. And it is these ignorant people, the most uneducated, the most unimaginative, the most unthinking among us, who would make themselves the guides and leaders of us all; who would force their feeble and childish beliefs on us; who would invade our schools and libraries and homes.	Isaac Asimov
The opinion of 10,000 men is of no value if none of them know anything about the subject.	Marcus Aurelius
What happens when the same number of people pray for something as pray against it? How does God decide whose prayer to answer? Does the total number of people praying for or against something matter? How about the righteousness of the supplicants? Are positive prayers answered more frequently than negative ones? Does God take the positive ones and Satan the negative? Does the intensity of the praying have any effect on the outcome? Does the length of time one devotes to praying have any effect on the frequency with which one's prayers are answered? Do the words and phrases used in the prayer - either positive or negative - have any bearing on the success rate? Does the nature of the thing or things prayed for have any bearing on the prayer's success rate - either positive or negative prayers? Why or why not?	Robert A Baker
Perhaps the whole root of our trouble, the human trouble, is that we will sacrifice all the beauty of our lives, will imprison ourselves in totems, taboos, crosses, blood sacrifices, steeples, mosques, races, armies, flags, nations, in order to deny the fact of death, which is the only fact we have.	James Baldwin
You can cite a hundred references to show that the biblical God is a bloodthirsty tyrant, but if they can dig up two or three verses that say "God is love" they will claim that you are taking things out of context!	Dan Barker
Truth does not demand belief. Scientists do not join hands every Sunday, singing, "yes, gravity is real! I will have faith! I will be strong! I believe in my heart thatwhat goes up, up, up must come down, down. down. Amen!" If they did, we would think they were pretty insecure about it.	Dan Baker
I do not know that Christianity holds anything more of importance for the world. It is finished, played out. The only trouble lies in how to get rid of the body before it begins to smell too much. 	John Beevers
Heathen. A benighted creature who has the folly to worship something he can see and feel. 	Ambrose Bierce
Pray. To ask the laws of the universe to be annulled on behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy.	Ambrose Bierce
Faith. Belief without evidence in what is told by one who speaks without knowledge, of things without parallel.	Ambrose Bierce
The Christian Right always needs scapegoats, and the rise of AIDS since the mid-eighties has made a convenient scapegoat of anyone whose sexuality encompasses more than breeding in the missionary position.	Poppy Z Brite
Do not believe in anything simply because you have heard it. Do not believe in traditions because they have been handed down for many generations. Do not believe in anything because it is found written in your religious books. Do not believe in anything merely on the authority of your teachers and elders. But after observation and analysis, when you find that anything agrees with  reason, and is conducive to the good and benefit of one and all, accept it and live up to it.	Buddha
The more I read about man and his maniacal ruthlessness and his murderous envious scatological soul, the more I realize that he will never change. Our stupidity is immortal, nothing will change it. The same mistakes, the same prejudices, the same injustice, the same lusts wheel endlessly around the parade ground of the centuries. Immutable and ineluctable. I wish I could believe in a god of some kind but I simply cannot	Richard Burton
Belief like any other moving body follows the path of least resistance.	Samuel Butler
Prayers are to men as dolls are to children. They are not without use and comfort, but it is not easy to take them seriously.	Samuel Butler
I've begun worshipping the sun for a number of reasons. First of all, unlike some other gods I could mention, I can see the sun. It's there for me every day, and the things it brings me are quite apparent all the time: heat, light, food, a lovely day. There's no mystery, no one asks for money, I don't have to dress up, and there's no boring pageantry. And interestingly enough, I have found that the prayers I offer to the sun and the prayers I formerly offered to 'God' are all answered at about the same 50% rate.	George Carlin
Ok, you win. You proved that your god it the best there ever was at hide'n'seek. Now, trot him out here so that we can give him his reward.	Dan Ceppa
We were brought up to fear, to fear, to fear. To fear the nuns, to fear God, to fear the Devil. We were never taught to love or given any love. I suffered physical abuse, mental abuse, psychological abuse and spiritual abuse.	Maggie Chapman, survivor of church orphanage
I would defend the liberty of concenting adult creationists to practice whatever intellectual perversions they like in the privacy of their own homes; but it is also necessary to protect the young and innocent.	Arthur C Clarke
Religion is a by-product of fear. For much of human history, it may have been a necessary evil, but why was it more evil than necessary? Isn't killing people in the name of God a pretty good definition of insanity?	Arthur C Clarke
The religionists apologize that although the Bible was inspired by God, it was, unfortunately, written by ancient, ignorant, half-civilized people.	C.W.Dalton
Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt.	Clarence Darrow
I am an Agnostic because I am not afraid to think. I am not afraid of any god in the universe who would send me or any other man or woman to hell. If there were such a being, he would not be a god; he would be a devil.	Clarence Darrow
Do you, good people, believe that Adam and Eve were created in the Garden of Eden and that they were forbidden to eat from the tree of knowledge? I do. The church has always been afraid of that tree. It still is afraid of knowledge. Some of you say religion makes people happy. So does laughing gas. So does whiskey. I believe in the brain of man. I'm not worried about my soul.	Clarence Darrow
I am against religion because it teaches us to be satisfied with not understanding the world.	Richard Dawkins
Faith is powerful enough to immunize people against all appeals to pity, to forgiveness, to decent human feelings. It even immunizes them against fear, if they honestly believe that a martyr's death will send them straight to heaven. What a weapon! Religious faith deserves a chapter to itself in the annals of war technology, on an even footing with the longbow, the warhorse, the tank, and the hydrogen bomb. 	Richard Dawkins
Blind faith can justify anything. In a man believes in a different god, or even if he uses a different ritual for worshipping the same god, blind faith can decree that he should die - on the cross, at the stake, skewered on a Crusader's sword, shot in a Beirut street, or blown up in a bar in Belfast. Memes for blind faith have their own ruthless ways of propagating themselves. This is true of patriotic and political as well as religious blind faith	Richard Dawkins
The Judaical and Christian theology show us a partial god who chooses or rejects, who loves or hates, according to his caprice; in short, a tyrant who plays with his creatures; who punishes in this world the whole human species for the crimes of a single man; who predestines the greater number of mortals to be his enemies, to the end that he may punish them to all eternity, for having received from him the liberty of declaring against him.	Denis Diderot
An Inuit hunter asked the local missionary priest: "If I did not know about God and sin, would I go to hell?" "No," said the priest, "not if you did not know." "Then why," asked the Inuit earnestly, "did you tell me?"	Annie Dillard
When I look upon seamen, men of physical science, and philosophers, man is the wisest of all beings. When I look upon priests, prophets, and interpreters of dreams, nothing is so contemptible as man.	Diogenes
I continue to be bemused by women fighting for the right to be xtian priests. The whole religion and its textbooks are so sexist that it seems as mad as a jew fighting for the right to join a nazi party.	John Drayton, alt.atheism
He who will not reason, is a bigot; He who cannot, is a fool; And he who dares not, is a slave.	William Drummond
The idea of a personal God is an anthropological concept which I am unable to take seriously. 	Albert Einstein
I cannot conceive of a personal God who would directly influence the actions of individuals, or would directly sit in judgment on creatures of his own creation. I cannot do this in spite of the fact that mechanistic causality has, to a certain extent, been placed in doubt by modern science. My religiosity consists in a humble admiration of the infinitely superior spirit that reveals itself in the little that we, with our weak and transitory understanding, can comprehend of reality. Morality is of the highest importance - but for us, not for God.	Albert Einstein
Parsons always seem to be specially horrified about things like sunbathing and naked bodies. They don't mind poverty and misery and cruelty to animals nearly as much.	Susan Ertz
Religion stills a thinking mind.	Greg Erwin
Once upon a time two explorers came upon a clearing in the jungle. In the clearing were growing many flowers and many weeds. One explorer says, "Some gardener must tend this plot." The other disagrees, "There is no gardener." So, they pitch their tents and set a watch. No gardener... So they set up a barbed wire fence. They electrify it. They patrol it with bloodhounds... But no shrieks even suggest that some intruder has received a shock. No movements of the wire ever betray an invisible climber. The bloodhounds never give cry. Yet still the Believer is not convinced. "But there is a gardener, invisible, intangible, insensible to electric shocks, a gardener who has no scent and makes no sound, a gardener who comes secretly to look after the garden which he loves." At last the Skeptic despairs, "But what remains of your original assertion? Just how does what you call an invisible, intangible, eternally elusive gardener differ from an imaginary gardener or even no gardener at all?"
I cannot conceive otherwise than that He, the Infinite Father, expects or requires no worship or praise from us, but that He is even infinitely above it.	Benjamin Franklin
Once a doctrine, however irrational, has gained power in a society, millions of people will believe it rather than feel ostracized and isolated.	Erich Fromm
Man is forbidden to eat from the tree of knowledge of good and evil. He acts against God's command... From the standpoint of the Church, which represents authority, this is essentially sin. From the standpoint of man, however, this is the beginning of human freedom.	Erich Fromm
I think that in the discussion of natural problems we ought to begin not with the Scriptures, but with experiments, and demonstrations. 	Galileo Galilei
The most heinous and the most cruel crimes of which history has record have been committed under the cover of religion or equally noble motives.	Gandhi
Christianity, above all, consoles; but there are naturally happy souls who do not need consolation. Consequently, Christianity begins by making such souls unhappy, for otherwise it would have no power over them.	André Gide
Christianity is most admirably adapted to the training of slaves, to the perpetuation of a slave society.	Emma Goldman
Christ and his teachings are the embodiment of submission, of inertia, of the denial of life; hence responsible for the things done in their name.	Emma Goldman
We Americans claim to be a peace-loving people. We hate bloodshed; we are opposed to violence. Yet we go into spasms of joy over the possibility of projecting dynamite bombs from flying machines upon helpless citizens. We are ready to hang, electrocute, or lynch anyone, who, from economic necessity, will risk his own life in the attempt upon that of some industrial magnate. Yet our hearts swell with pride at the thought that America is becoming the most powerful nation on earth, and that it will eventually plant her iron foot on the necks of all other nations. Such is the logic of patriotism.	Emma Goldman
Christians tell me that they have a higher destiny than the lower animals, because Homo Sapiens can reason. But the Bible tells me that this gift of reason, which they call god-given, may be the match that lights the fires of hell for all who dare to use it, since whatever is not of faith is sin. 	Ruth Hurmence Green
Suppose you had never heard of Christianity, and that next Sunday morning a stranger standing in a pulpit told you about a book whose authors could not be authenticated and whose contents, written hundreds of years ago, included blood-curdling legends of slaughter and intrigue and fables about unnatural happenings such as virgin births, devils that inhabit bodies and talk, people rising from the dead and ascending live into the clouds, and suns that stand still. Suppose he then asked you to believe that an uneducated man described in that book was a god who could get you into an eternal fantasy-place called heaven, when you die. Would you as an intelligent rational person even bother to read such nonsense, let alone pattern your entire life upon it?	Ruth Hurmence Green
Heresy is only another word for freedom of thought. 	Graham Greene
I am treated as evil by people who claim that they are being oppressed because they are not allowed to force me to practice what they do.	D.Dale Gulledge
We must conduct research and then accept the results. If they don't stand up to experimentation, Buddha's own words must be rejected.	Tenzin Gyatso(the Dalai Lama)
Jesus is just a word I use to swear with.	Richard Harris
I understand prayer quite well. It's a masturbatory exercise that gives catharsis to the pray-er and a placebo effect to the pray-ee, but only if the pray-ee knows he's being prayed for.	John Hattan
If we are going to teach "creation science" as an alternative to evolution, then we should also teach the stork theory as an alternative to biological reproduction. 	Judith Hayes
All religions have based morality on obedience, that is to say, on voluntary slavery. That is why they have always been more pernicious than any political organization. For the latter makes use of violence. the former - of the corruption of the will.	Alexander Herzen
Take away hatred from some people, and you have men without faith.	Erich Hoffer
To know a person's religion we need not listen to his profession of faith but must find his brand of intolerance.	Erich Hoffer
All children are atheists - they have no idea of God. 	Baron d'Holbach
Organized religion, being founded on superstition, is, perforce, not scientific. And all that which is not scientific - that is, truthful - must be bolstered up by force, fear and falsehood. Thus we always find slavery and organized religion going hand in hand.	Elbert Hubbard
There is in every village a torch: the schoolmaster - and an extinguisher: the priest.	Victor Hugo
Morality is always the product of terror; its chains and strait-waistcoats are fashioned by those who dare not trust others, because they dare not trust themselves, to walk in liberty.	Aldous Huxley
The science, the art, the jurisprudence, the chief political and social theories, of the modern world have grown out of those of Greece and Rome-not by favour of, but in the teeth of, the fundamental teachings of early Christianity, to which science, art, and any serious occupation with the things of this world, were alike despicable.	Thomas Huxley
The inspiration of the Bible depends on the ignorance of the person who reads it. 	Robert Ingersoll
God so loved the world that he made up his mind to damn a large majority of the human race.	Robert Ingersoll
We are satisfied that there can be but little liberty on earth while men worship a tyrant in heaven.	Robert Ingersoll
As long as every question is answered by the word "God," scientific inquiry is simply impossible.	Robert Ingersoll
My objection to Christianity is that it is infinitely cruel, infinitely selfish, and, I might add, infinitely absurd.	Robert Ingersoll
This crime called blasphemy was invented by priests for the purpose of defending doctrines not able to take care of themselves.	Robert Ingersoll
The notion that faith in Christ is to be rewarded by an eternity of bliss, while a dependence upon reason, observation, and experience merits everlasting pain, is too absurd for refutation, and can be believed only by that unhappy mixture of insanity and ignorance called "faith."	Robert Ingersoll
The real oppressor, enslaver, and corrupter of the people is the Bible. That book is the chain that binds, the dungeon that holds the clergy. That book spreads the pall of superstition over the colleges and schools. That book puts out the eyes of science, and makes honest investigation a crime. That book fills the world with bigotry, hypocrisy and fear.	Robert Ingersoll
Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.	Samuel Johnson
Few Christians would be in doubt what to think of a father tortured his children for forty-eight hours because they did not agree with him or did not obey him; and if he had a great many children and had given only a few of them a single chance while offering the vast majority no opportunity at all to know his will, most people would consider this the epitome of an inhuman lack of love and justice. The God of traditional Christianity, however, outdoes even this analogy by relegating the mass of mankind to eternal torment.	Walter Kaufmann
You think there is a magic pixie that came from nowhere, made the universe, then tortures people eternally for not believing in it, because it loves them? Does that sum it up?	Steve Knight
The fact is that far more crime and child abuse has been committed by zealots in the name of God, Jesus and Mohammed than has ever been committed in the name of Satan. Many people, including myself, don't like that statement, but the truth of it is undeniable.	Kenneth Lanning
The churches used to win their arguments against atheism, agnosticism, and other burning issues by burning the ismists, which is fine proof that there is a devil but hardly evidence that there is a God.	Ben Lindsey and Wainwright Evans
Fear was the first thing on earth to make gods.	Lucretius
All religions are equally sublime to the ignorant, useful to the politician, and ridiculous to the philosopher.	Lucretius
The Church is the handmaid of tyranny and the steady enemy of liberty.	Thomas Babington Macaulay
The doctrine which from the very first origin of religious dissensions has been held by bigots of all sects, when condensed into a few words and stripped of rhetorical disguise, is simply this: I am in the right, and you are in the wrong	Thomas Babington Macaulay
Virginity is like a bubble... One prick and it's all gone.
More computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency(without necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason - including blind stupidity. William A. Wulf
We follow two rules in the matter of optimization: Rule1. Don't do it. Rule 2(for experts only). Don't do it yet - that is, not until you have a perfectly clear and unoptimized solution.
I've finally come up with a job title that describes all those late nights spent on the Internet: Pornologist.	Gary Kee
There are lies, damned lies, and release dates.
Sometimes I think about going to the gym and working out in order to impress women, but hey, that's why I learned UNIX.
The most important thing in the programming language is the name. A language will not succeed without a good name. I have recently invented a very good name and now I am looking for a suitable language.	Donald E. Knuth
Blessed are the pessimistic for they hath made backups.
Beta: Software undergoes beta testing shortly before it's released. Beta is Latin for "still doesn't work".
Bad or missing mouse. Spank the cat? (Y/N)
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.
Southern DOS: Y'all reckon? (Yep/Nope)
1010011010 - The binary number of the Beast
1332 - The number of two Beasts
Application has reported a 'Not My Fault' in module KRNL.EXE in line 0200:103F
Students nowadays, complaining they only get 2MBs of disk space! In my day we were lucky if we had one file, and that was /dev/ null.
He's not a real doctor, He's an integer doctor. (Wait for it. Wait fooooor it....)
Students nowadays, complaining they only get 2MBs of disk space! In my day we were lucky if we had one file, and that was /dev/ null.
If the Start Windows Restart when Windows starts check box is checked Windows Restart will start automatically every time Windows is started.	From an actual helpfile
The Melissa Virus is named after a topless dancer... If you get it on your laptop, it demands you put $20 into the floppy drive.
Bad command or file name! Go stand in the corner.
A citizen of America will cross the ocean to fight for democracy, but won't cross the street to vote in a national election.	Bill Vaughan
I think that all right-thinking people in this country are sick and tired of being told that ordinary, decent people are fed up in this country with being sick and tired. I'm certainly not! But I'm sick and tired of being told that I am!	Monty Python
G: "If we do happen to step on a mine, Sir, what do we do?" EB: "Normal procedure, Lieutenant, is to jump 200 feet in the air and scatter oneself over a wide area."	Somewhere in No Man's Land, BA4
If we let people see that kind of thing, there would never again be any war.	Senior Pentagon official, explaining why the U.S. military censored footage showing Iraqi soldiers sliced in two by U.S. helicopter fire
Facts are stupid things.	Ronald Reagan
I have opinions of my own - strong opinions - but I don't always agree with them. 	George Bush 
We have a criminal jury system which is superior to any in the world; and its efficiency is only marred by the difficulty of finding twelve men every day who don't know anything and can't read.	Mark Twain
Wear short sleeves! Support your right to bare arms!
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish, and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.
Q. How many Freudian analysts does it take to change a light bulb? A. Two, one to change the bulb and one to hold the penis.
Women: You can't live with them, and you can't get them to dress up in a skimpy Nazi costume and beat you with a warm squash.
I was walking across a bridge one day, and I saw a man standing on the edge, about to jump off. So I ran over and said, "Stop! don't do it!""Why shouldn't I?" he said.I said, "Well, there's so much to live for!"He said, "Like what?" I said, "Well... are you religious or atheist?" He said, "Religious." I said, "Me too! Are you Christian or Buddhist?" He said, "Christian." I said, "Me too! Are you Catholic or Protestant?" He said, "Protestant." I said, "Me too! Are you Episcopalian or Baptist?" He said, "Baptist!" I said, "Wow! Me too! Are you Baptist Church of God or Baptist Church of the Lord?" He said, "Baptist Church of God!" I said, "Me too! Are you original Baptist Church of God, or are you Reformed Baptist Church of God?" He said, "Reformed Baptist Church of God!" I said, "Me too! Are you Reformed Baptist Church of God, reformation of 1879, or Reformed Baptist Church of God, reformation of 1915?" He said, "Reformed Baptist Church of God, reformation of 1915!" I said, "Die, heretic scum!" and pushed him off.
When I was a kid, I used to pray every night for a new bicycle. Then I realized that the Lord, in his wisdom, didn't work that way. So I just stole one and asked him to forgive me.
Scientists have shown that the moon is moving away at a tiny yet measurable distance from the earth every year. If you do the math, you can calculate that 85 million years ago the moon was orbiting the earth at a distance of about 35 feet from the earth's surface. This would explain the death of the dinosaurs. The tallest ones, anyway.
Deja Moo: The feeling that you've heard this bull before.
Life is sexually transmitted.
The three chief virtues of a programmer are: Laziness, Impatience and Hubris	Larry Wall
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.	Douglas Adams
Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very fast. People living at point C, being a point directly in between, are often given to wonder what's so great about point A that so many people from point B are so keen to get there and what's so great about point B that so many people from point A are so keen to get there. They often wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell they wanted to be.	Douglas AdamsFor a moment, nothing happened.Then, after a second or so, nothing continued to happen.	Douglas Adams
God puts an apple tree in the middle of the Garden of Eden and says, do what you like guys, oh, but don't eat the apple. Surprise surprise, they eat it and he leaps out from behind a bush shouting "Gotcha." It wouldn't have made any difference if they hadn't eaten it... because if you're dealing with somebody who has the sort of mentality which likes leaving hats on the pavement with bricks under them you know perfectly well they won't give up. They'll get you in the end.	Douglas Adams
I don't believe it. Prove it to me and I still won't believe it.	Douglas Adams
I think fish is nice, but then I think that rain is wet, so who am I to judge?	Douglas Adams
If it looks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, we have at least to consider the possibility that we have a small aquatic bird of the family anatidae on our hands.	Douglas Adams
INFINITE: Bigger than the biggest thing ever and then some. Much bigger than that, in fact, really amazingly immense, a totally stunning size, real "wow, that's big" time. Infinity is so big that by comparison, bigness itself looks really titchy. Gigantic multiplied by colossal multiplied by staggeringly huge is the sort of concept we're trying to get across here.	Douglas Adams
Isn't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too?	Douglas Adams
It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes.	Douglas Adams
It is a well-known fact that those people who must want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it... anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.	Douglas Adams
Life... is like a grapefruit. It's orange and squishy, and has a few pips in it, and some folks have half a one for breakfast.	Douglas Adams
That young girl is one of the least benightedly unintelligent organic life forms it has been my profound lack of pleasure not to be able to avoid meeting.	Douglas Adams
The difficulty with this conversation is that it's very different from most of the ones I've had of late. Which, as I explained, have mostly been with trees.	Douglas Adams
The Guide is definitive. Reality is frequently inaccurate.	Douglas Adams
The History of every major Galactic Civilization tends to pass through three distinct and recognizable phase, those of Survival, Inquiry and Sophistication, otherwise known as the How, Why and Where phases.For instance, the first phase is characterized by the question How can we eat? the second by the question Why do we eat? and the third by the question Where shall we have lunch?	Douglas Adams
The impossible often has a kind of integrity which the merely improbable lacks.	Douglas Adams
The major difference between a thing that might go wrong and a thing that cannot possibly go wrong is that when a thing that cannot possibly go wrong goes wrong it usually turns out to be impossible to get at and repair.	Douglas Adams
This planet has - or rather had - a problem, which was this: most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time. Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movements of small green pieces of paper, which is odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy.	Douglas Adams
Time, we know, is relative. You can travel light years through the stars and back, and if you do it at the speed of light then, when you return, you may have aged mere seconds while your twin brother or sister will have aged twenty, thirty, forty or however many years it is, depending on how far you traveled.This will come to you as a profound shock, particularly if you didn't know you had a twin brother or sister.	Douglas Adams
We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!	Douglas Adams
You live and learn. At any rate, you live.	Douglas Adams
In our minds, love and lust are really separated. It's hard to find someone that can be kind and you can trust enough to leave your kids with, and isn't afraid to throw her man up against the wall and lick him from head to toe.	Tori Amos
Some of the most wonderful people are the ones who don't fit into boxes.	Tori Amos
Women must understand that simply attacking or hating men is just another form of disempowerment. A woman has to realize that when she makes a man crawl it doesn't give her power.	Tori Amos
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.	Isaac Asimov
Part of the inhumanity of the computer is that, once it is competently programmed and working smoothly, it is completely honest.	Isaac Asimov
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.	Isaac Asimov
Creationists make it sound as though a 'theory' is something you dreamt up after being drunk all night.	Isaac Asimov
C++ is an example of one of those languages into which the standards committee threw the kitchen sink. Only the sink bounced around and landed with a clang	Courageous
People are stupid. They believe what they want to believe, or what they fear is true.	First Wizard Zeddicus Zu'l Zorander (Wizard's First Rule by Terry Goodkind) 
#define in C++ deserves an entire essay on its own to explore its rich possibilities for obfuscation.
I'm not a religious man. In fact, I consider myself a completely recovered Catholic (I've been clean and sober for more than a decade and I never feel the need to go back for another hit off the body of Christ)	Chris Sells
- To begin with, said the Cat, a dog's not mad. You grant that? I suppose so, said Alice. Well, then, - the Cat went on - you see, a dog growls when it's angry, and wags its tail when it's pleased. Now I growl when I'm pleased, and wag my tail when I'm angry. Therefore I'm mad.
As someone who made a living training and consulting with C++ for about 13 years, let me be about the 10^8 person to say that C++ was completely unsuitable for component developement. As someone that has quite a bit of architectural experience under my belt, I believe that it's completely impossible to assemble a large team of ordinary developers (people dumber than Chris Sells) and keep them marching in a straight line without a trail of memory leaks, access violations, and late nights when using C++.	Mickey Williams
If I haven't seen further, it is because I am standing in the footprints of giants.
The GNU license and the software developed under it are legal cancers that grow and grow without direction or coherence and threaten to stunt real development work for years.	Aaron Patton
All software design problems can be simplified by introducing an extra level of conceptual indirection.	Andrew Koenig
To those of you who received honors, awards and distinctions, I say, well done. And to the C students, I say to you: you, too, can be president of the United States.	George Bush jr
It takes 43 muscles to frown and 17 to smile, but it doesn't take any to just sit there with a dumb look on your face.
If you find yourself struggling with loneliness, you're not alone. And yet you are alone. So very alone.
If you never try anything new, you'll miss out on many of life's disappointments.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent, but you'd be a fool to withhold that from your superiors.
Until you spread your wings, you'll have no idea how far you can walk.
None of us is as dumb as all of us.
As long as we have each other, we'll never run out of problems.
The secret to success is knowing who to blame for your failures.
The only consistent feature of all of your dissatisfying relationships is you.
The downside of being better than everyone else is that people tend to assume you're pretentious.
That which does not kill me postpones the inevitable.
It's always darkest just before it goes pitch black.
In the battle between you and the world, bet on the world.
The harder you try, the dumber you'll look.
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
The tallest blade of grass is the first to be cut by the lawnmover.
For every winner, there are dozens of losers. Odds are you are one of them.
Hard work often pays off after time, but laziness always pays off now.
Quitters never win, winners never quit, but those who never win and never quit are idiots.
A bad programmer can write Fortran in any language
Don't be too proud of this technological terror you've created.	Darth Vader
Hungarian Notation is the tactical nuclear weapon of source code obfuscation techniques	Roedy Green, How to write unmaintainable code
Our users shall know fear and cower before our software! Ship it! Ship it and let them flee like the dogs they are!	The Klingon Programmer's Code of Honour
Klingons do not debug. Our software does not coddle the weak.	The Klingon Programmer's Code of Honour
Klingons do not "release" software. Klingon software escapes, leaving a bloody trail of design engineers and quality assurance people in its path.	The Klingon Programmer's Code of Honour
I've never thought that C++ should figure implicitly or explicitly in the same sentence as "develop quickly".	Sabreman
To question Hiroshima is to explode a precious myth we all grow up with in this country - that America is different from the other imperial powers of the world, that other nations may commit unspeakable acts, but not ours.
And yet it is absolutely essential for our Political leaders to defend the bombing(of Hiroshima and Nagasaki) because if Americans can be induced to accept that then they can accept any war, any means, so long as the warmakers can supply a reason. And there are always plausible reasons delivered from on high as from Moses on the Mount.
General Eisenhower, briefed by Secretary of War Henry Stimson on the imminent use of the bomb, told him that "Japan was already defeated and that dropping the bomb was completely unnecessary.
Balrogs dream of wings. Balrogs pose in front of the mirror with wings. Alone in the night, wrapped in their wings of shadow, Balrogs remember wings. But no Balrog this side of the walls of Arda has ever been able to fly ...
Note to Java people:  I am a Java person.  I program Java almost every day, and I was developing in Java just a couple of  hours ago.  An "enterprise" language that provides no way to forceably kill a thread that had gone amuck, that provides no way to get the free space left on the local drive, that provides tools that make the VB IDE look attractive even now, and that can't produce a GUI that is up to the standards that VB set years ago, is not "industrial strength."
More and more of our imports come from overseas	George W Bush
There is a lot of speculation and I guess there is going to continue to be a lot of speculation until the speculation ends	George W Bush
What I am against is quotas. I am against hard quotas. Quotas, they basically delineate based upon whatever. However they delineate; quotas, I think, vulcanize society. So I don't know how that fits into what everybody else is saying - their relative positions - but that's my position. George W Bush
Laura and I are proud to call John and Michelle Engler our friends. I know you're proud to call him governor. What a good man the Englers are.	George W Bush
I know the human being and fish can coexist peacefully.	George W Bush
The senator[John McCain] has got to understand if he's going to have - he can't have it both ways. He can't take the high horse and then claim the low road.	George W Bush
The California crunch is really the result of not enough power to power the power of generating plants.	George W Bush
The *avoidance* of delving beyond the scenes is what makes a superior programmer. A programmer should be able to read an interface specification, and then code to that specification without overly speculating about the behavior behind a given implementation of it. This skill comes into play not only in using an abstract programming language, but in constructing large software decomposed into cohesive, loosely-coupled blackboxes. If you write one module such that it is dependent on what is going on behind the scenes of another module, you have committed a programming mistake, no matter how clever your solution is or how many cycles it shaves off the execution.
There's a special place in hell for K&R bracing people.	Chad Myers
Warning in life.cpp (8): const Happiness is declared but never used.
I'm quite aware of my own ignorance. It's people who aren't aware of theirs that worry me.	Sabreman 
Historically speaking, the presences of wheels in Unix has never precluded their reinvention.	Larry Wall
Python programmers are 10% more productive just because of the time they don't spend arguing about K&R indenting style versus others.
People figure out clever ways to do C programming in any language	Mayer Goldberg
The only genuine authority is the one whose assertions or commands every person in principle can test and with his own central psychic organ, the intellect, through free and critical activity make his own....	Jens Bjørneboe
I know very well who Satan is: He is freedom. He is the uncontrolled, the incalculable, the antithesis of order and discipline, the antithesis of the legalism of outer space.... We know where a planet will be in twelve years, four months and nine days. But we don't know where a butterfly will have flown one minute hence. Therefore the butterfly is of Satan.	Jens Bjørneboe
Laughter means distance. Where laughter is absent, madness begins. The moment one takes the world with complete seriousness one is potentially insane. The whole art of learning to live means holding fast to laughter; without laughter the world is a torture chamber, a dark place where dark things will happen to us, a horror show filled with bloody deeds of violence.	Jens Bjørneboe
Take away the "immoral" criminal, and we'd be robbed of one of the lies we need in order to live: namely the belief that there is someone who is even more immoral than we are. We all need someone to despise and look down on as not having full value. This is another of our strong points of likeness with that same criminal: in prison there always develops a hierarchical type of society, where the safecracker and the gunman rank highest and the sexual offender lowest. The prison is a true copy of our own society.	Jens Bjørneboe
1 - Always think for yourself. 2- Never believe anything older people tell you, for they always have something to hide. 3 - Be disobedient! You learn nothing from obedience. 4 - You shall ask! 5 - You shall be suspicious.	Jens Bjørneboe
You cannot really appreciate Dilbert unless you've read it in the original Klingon
Indentation?! - I will show you how to indent when I indent your skull!
Klingon function calls do not have 'parameters' - they have 'arguments' - and they ALWAYS WIN THEM.
Debugging? Klingons do not debug. Our software does not coddle the weak.
I have challenged the entire quality assurance team to a Bat-Leth contest. They will not concern us again.
By filing this bug report you have challenged the honor of my family.  Prepare to die!
You question the worthiness of my code? I should kill you where you stand!
I've looked at the source, and there are pieces that are good and pieces that are not ... My experience and some of my friends' experience is that Linux is quite unreliable. Microsoft is really unreliable but Linux is worse.	Ken Thompson, inventor of UNIX
One uses religion to justify violence, and conversely, violence to enforce religion.
The world is weird on top and wild at heart.	Lula, Wild at heart
Go not unto the Usenet for advice, for you will be told both yea and nay (and quite a few things that just have nothing at all to do with the question).	Unknown
Good code is achieved in spite of C++, not because of it.	Sabreman
You can't convince anyone that your God is better because he is garbage collected!
The three most dangerous things in the world are a programmer with a soldering iron, a hardware type with a program patch and a user with an idea.
Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.	Friedrich Nietzsche
It's not the fall that kills you. It's the sudden stop at the end.	Douglas Adams
The bible is probably the most genocidal book ever written.	Noam Chomsky
The last words the world will ever hear are likely to be 'What does this button do?'
It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!	Friedrich Nietzsche
Do you have blacks, too?	 Question posed by George Bush to Brazilian President Fernando Henrique Cardoso, with no hint of sarcasm or jest, Washington, D.C., Nov. 8, 2001
 As a matter of fact, the people who love the children in Wisconsin are the people of Wisconsin. 	George Bush, Logan High School, LaCrosse, Wisconsin, May 8, 2002
For every fatal shooting, there are roughly three nonfatal shootings. Folks, this is unacceptable in America, We're going to do something about it.	George Bush,  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, May 14, 2001
Border relations between Canada and Mexico have never been better. 	George Bush, Sept. 24, 2001
The problem with the French is that they don't have a word for 'entrepreneur.' 	George Bush, July 10 2002
But all in all, it's been a fabulous year for Laura and me. 	George Bush, 2001, after 9/11
They misunderestimated me.	George Bush, Nov. 6, 2000
If you think big enough, you'll never have to do it.	Reisner's Rule of Conceptual Inertia
Is it just the case that you Yanks were late for the last 2 World Wars and are desperate not to miss out again by ensuring that you're there to start the next one?
[Perl] combines all the worst aspects of C and Lisp: a billion different sublanguages in one monolithic executable. It combines the power of C with the readability of PostScript.	Jamie Zawinski
King Crimson lives in different bodies at different times and the particular form which the group takes changes. When music appears, which only King Crimson can play then, sooner or later, King Crimson appears to play the music	Robert Fripp
Women are from Venus, men have a penis
You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy, the best golfer is a black guy, France is accusing the US of arrogance and Germany doesn't want to go to war.
If there is a creator, he gave us the gift of reason. Religion is an insult to that gift.
Who knows for certain? Who shall here declare it? Whence was it born and whence came this creation? The gods were born after this world's creation. Then, who can know from whence it has arisen? None know whence creation has arisen and whether he has or has not produced it. He who surveys it in the highest heaven, he only knows, or happily, he may know not	The Rig-Veda
My only hope is when those terrorists get to Heaven, they meet up with the kind of virgins we had in Catholic school: Sister Mike Ditka from Our Mother of Eternal Retribution.	Robin Williams
Counter-terrorism experts say that Osama bin Laden may be hiding secret messages on pornographic websites. You know what that means ... Clinton could find this guy before Bush.	Jay Leno
In California, 50 women protested the impending war with Iraq by lying on the ground naked and spelling out the word "peace." Right idea, wrong president.	Jay Leno
President Bush has said that he does not need approval from the UN to wage war, and I'm thinking, well, hell, he didn't need the approval of the American voters to become president, either.	David Letterman
The Pentagon still has not given a name to the Iraqi war. Somehow 'Operation Re-elect Bush' doesn't seem to be popular.	Jay Leno
There Ought to be Limits to Freedom!	George Walker Bush
Reality is not a democracy: just because a lot of people believe something is true, doesn't mean it is.
Thank God for christians; they make atheism look good.
Blessed are they who can laugh at themselves, for they shall never cease to be amused
I'm glad the gun crazy lunatic and rabid capitalists have somewhere to call home. It keeps them out of Europe.
God is real, unless declared integer.
If God is perfect, why did He create discontinuous functions?
...but when you come to Heritage USA, remember to bring your Bible and your VISA card - because the Bible is the Holy Truth, and God doesn't take American Express.
There are no saints, only unrecognized villains.
He's a born-again Christian. The trouble is, he suffered brain damage during rebirth.
Why be born again, when you can just grow up?
Blasphemy is a blast for me.
What a f iend we have in Jesus!
Explaining the unknown by means of the unobservable is always a perilous business
Jesus -- The other white meat!
The Pope has just declared that Jesus is now an infinitely long tube of white paste.
The only mortals who ever entered Barad-dur and came back unharmed in body and soul were a pair of Iluvatar's Witnesses. Only days after their visit Sauron realized that the "Minas Tirith" he had bought from them was only a pamphlet.
Trinity -- a three for one sale on deities.
Archeologists near mount Sinai have discovered what is believed to be a missing page from the Bible and is believed to read 'To my darling Candy. All characters portrayed within this book are fictitous and any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental'.
It seems odd that those who scoff at sun worshippers are apt to worship a vacuum.
May theists be shaved with Ockham's Razor!
Why does the Vatican have lightning rods?
Have you forgotten about Jesus? Isn't it about time you did?
Garbage In -- Gospel Out
The mind of the fundamentalist is like the pupil of the eye: the more light you pour on it, the more it will contract.
Jesus loves you all, and can't wait to control you like a small household pet
You Go Yahweh - and I'll go Mine!
Goofy and Mickey are going to burn in eternal Hellfire for sharing an insurance policy!. Details this Sunday at you local Southern Baptist Church.Witch burning and pot luck supper to follow the services.
If, as they say, God spanked this town For being much too frisky, Why did He burn His churches down And save Hotaling's Whiskey?	Poem on 1906 San Francisco earthquake and fire, in which the city's largest whiskey distillery was left unscathed
Belief in the supernatural reflects a failure of the imagination.	Edward Abbey
The power of the priesthood lies in the submission to a creed. In their onslaughts on rebellion they have exhausted human torments; nor, in their lust for earthly dominion, have they felt remorse,but rather joy, when slaying Christ's enemies and their own
Religions change; beer and wine remain
This whole Christian theology thing is that god came down to experience life through his son. Well, how's he experiencing life if he doesn't get laid? Give me a break. And why would he not get laid, as he created the apparatus in the first place?	Tori Amos
I got enough guilt to start my own religion
Every man thinks God is on his side. The rich and powerful know he is.	Jean Anouilh
There are ten church members by inheritance for every one by conviction
A good rule for interpretation is: 'If the literal sense makes good sense, seek no other sense lest you come up with nonsense'
To rebel against a powerful political, economic, religious, or social establishment is very dangerous and very few people do it, except, perhaps, as part of a mob. To rebel against the "scientific" establishment, however, is the easiest thing in the world, and anyone can do it and feel enormously brave, without risking as much as a hangnail. Thus, the vast majority, who believe in astrology and think that the planets have nothing better to do than form a code that will tell them whether tomorrow is a good day to close a business deal or not, become all the more excited and enthusiastic about the bilge when a group of astronomers denounces it.	Isaac Asimov
...if I were not an atheist, I would believe in a God who would choose to save people on the basis of the totality of their lives and not the pattern of their words. I think he would prefer an honest and righteous atheist to a TV preacher whose every word is God, God, God, and whose every deed is foul, foul, foul.	Isaac Asimov
...the Bible as we have it contains elements that are scientifically incorrect or even morally repugnant. No amount of "explaining away" can convince us that such passages are the product of Divine Wisdom.	Bernard J Bamberger
Reason shapes the future, but superstition infects the present.	Iain M Banks
There is no such thing as a god. If such a creature existed, belief would be rendered unnecessary, and the entire system of organized religion would collapse.	Ron Barrier
Christianity is the enemy of liberty & civilization.	August Bebel
Miracles happen to those who believe in them. Otherwise why does not the Virgin Mary appear to Lamaists, Mohammedans, or Hindus who have never heard of her.	Bernard Berenson
If you love god, burn a church	Jello Biafra
Saint: A dead sinner revised and edited.	Ambrose Bierce
Evangelist, n. A bearer of good tidings, particularly (in a religious sense) such as assure us of our own salvation and the damnation of our neighbours.	Ambrose Bierce
Christian, n.: One who believes that the New Testament is a divinely inspired book admirably suited to the spiritual needs of his neighbor. One who follows the teachings of Christ in so far as they are not inconsistent with a life of sin.	Ambrose Bierce
Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man -- who has no gills.	Ambrose Bierce
Heaven: A place where the wicked cease from troubling you with talk of their personal affairs, and the good listen with attention while you expound on yours.	Ambrose Bierce
Babble about 'The wages of sin' serves to cover up 'the sin of wages'. We want rights, not rites -- sex, not sects. Only Eros and Eris belong in our pantheon. Surely the Nazarene necrophile has had his revenge by now. Remember, pain is just God's way of hurting you.	Bob Black
Whenever I think of how religion started, I picture some frustrated old man making out a list of all the ways he could gain power, until he finally came up with the great solution of constant fear and guilt, then he leaped up and started planning a new wardrobe.	Steve Blake
Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich.	Napoleon Bonaparte
I am surrounded by priests who repeat incessantly that their kingdom is not of this world, and yet they lay their hands on everything they can get.	Napoleon Bonaparte
I cannot follow you Christians; for you try to crawl through your life upon your knees, while I stride through mine on my feet
Everything that is doddering, squint-eyed, infamous, sullying and grotesque is contained for me in this single word: God 	Andre Breton
Our culture is superior. Our culture is superior because our religion is Christianity and that is the truth that makes men free.	Pat Buchanan, presidential candidate
Jesus Christ: A common exclamation indicating surprise, disgust, anger or bewilderment.
Armies of Bible scholars and theologians have for centuries found respected employment devising artful explanations of the Bible often not really meaning what it says 	J.S. Bullion
The idea that a good God would send people to a burning Hell is utterly damnable to me. The ravings of insanity! Superstition gone to seed! I don't want to have anything to do with such a God. No avenging Jewish God, no satanic devil, no fiery hell is of any interest to me	Luther Burbank
The more I study religions the more I am convinced that man never worshipped anything but himself	Richard Francis Burton
People in general are equally horrified at hearing the Christian religion doubted, and at seeing it practiced	Samuel Butler
It's hard to be religious when certain people are never incinerated by bolts of lightning.	Calvin, Calvin & Hobbes
Calvin: Do you believe in the devil? You know, a supreme evil being dedicated to the temptation, corruption, and destruction of man? Hobbes: I'm not sure that man needs the help.	Calvin & Hobbes
There is not one verse in the Bible inhibiting slavery, but many regulating it. It is not then, we conclude, immoral.	Reverend Alexander Campbell
U.S. Adults (Gallup): humans didn't evolve, 46 percent; evolution guided by God, 40; evolution occurred by itself, 10 percent	Free Inquiry, Fall 1994
Our Father who art in heaven, and to the republic for which it stands, thy kingdom come, one nation indivisible as in heaven, give us this day as we forgive those who so proudly we hail. Crown thy good into temptation but deliver us from the twilight's last gleaming. Amen and Awomen.	George Carlin
You will find men like him in all of the world's religions. They know that we represent reason and science, and, however confident they may be in their beliefs, they fear that we will overthrow their gods. Not necessarily through any deliberate act, but in a subtler fashion. Science can destroy a religion by ignoring it as well as by disproving its tenets. No one ever demonstrated, so far as I am aware, the nonexistance of Zeus or Thor, but they have few followers now.	Arthur C Clarke
Sensible and responsible women do not want to vote. The relative positions to be assumed by man and woman in the working out of our civilization were assigned long ago by a higher intelligence than ours.	Grover Cleveland, 1905
As "you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make one drink," so also, "You can drag a Christian to the truth, but you can't make one think.	Delmar Coughlin
"I slept with Faith, and found a corpse in my arms on awaking; I drank and danced all night with Doubt, and found her a virgin in the morning.	Aleister Crowley, _The Book of Lies_
There are no physicists in the hottest parts of hell, because the existence of a "hottest part" implies a temperature difference, and any marginally competent physicist would immediately use this to run a heat engine and make some other part of hell comfortably cool. This is obviously impossible.	Richard Davisson
You've got a Methodist Coloring Book And you color really well But don't color outside the lines Or God will send you to hell	Dead Milkmen, "Methodist Coloring Book"
When Yahweh your god has settled you in the land you're about to occupy, and driven out many infidels before you...you're to cut them down and exterminate them. You're to make no compromise with them or show them any mercy.	Deuteronomy 7:1
If thinking freely for yourself is a sure ticket to hell, then the conversations in heaven must be awfully boring.	Dr Weirde
The minority, the ruling class at present, has the schools and press, usually the Church as well, under its thumb. This enables it to organize and sway the emotions of the masses, and make its tool of them.	Albert Einstein
Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion.	T.S. Eliot
For that again, is what all manner of religion essentially is: childish dependency.	Albert Ellis
In a sense, the religious person must hae no real views of his own and it is presumptuous of him, in fact, to have any. In regard to sex-love affairs, to marriage and family relations, to business, to politics, and to virtually everything else that is important in his life, he must try to discover what his god and his clergy would like him to do; and he must primarily do their bidding.	Albert Ellis
When belief in a god dies, the god dies.	Harlan Ellison
Number 3 pencils and quadrille pads	(Seymoure Cray (1925-1996) , when asked what CAD tools he used to design the Cray I; he also recommended using the back side of the pages so that the lines were not so dominant.)
No man means all he says, and yet very few say all they mean, for words are slippery and thought is viscous.	Henry Brooks Adams
My goal is simple. It is complete understanding of the universe, why it as it is and why it exists as all.	Stephen Hawking
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.	Eleanor Roosevelt
None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm.	Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862)
Nothing else in the world...not all the armies...is so powerful as an idea whose time has come.	Victor Hugo Nothing endures but change.	Heraclitus
Nothing is comprehensible except by virtue of its edges.	Indian Proverb
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.	Henry Ford (1863-1947)
No Sane man will dance.	Cicero (106-43 B.C.)
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.	Charles F. Kettering
My poor head is in such a whirl, my mind is all in bits.	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe (1749-1832)
My way of joking is to tell the truth; it's the funniest joke in the world.	Anonymous
Miscellaneous is always the largest category.	Joel Rosenberg - The Warrior Lives
Moderation is a fatal thing. Nothing succeeds like excess.	Oscar Wilde (1854-1900)
Modesty: the gentle art of enhancing your charm by pretending not to be aware of it.	Anonymous
Money couldn't buy friends, but you get a better class of enemy.	Spike Milligan
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.	Oscar Wilde (1854-1900)
Music is Love in search of a word.	Sidney Lanier
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.	Abraham Lincoln (1809-1865)
Never argue with a fool, people might not know the difference.	Anonymous
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.	Napoleon Bonaparte (1769-1821)
All the people like us are we, And everyone else is They.	Rudyard Kipling (1865-1936)
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.	Arthur Schopenhauer (1788-1860)
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.	Judy Garland
A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for.	John A. Shedd
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties.	Doug Larson
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.	Benjamin Disraeli
Aging seems to be the only available way to live a long life.	Daniel Francois Esprit Auber
Any clod can have the facts; having opinions is an art.	Charles McCabe
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain -- and most fools do.	Dale Carnegie
"Bite the wax tadpole."	(Coca-Cola" as originally translated into Chinese)
"Pepsi brings your ancestors back from the grave."	ad slogan "Pepsi Comes Alive" as originally translated into Chinese
It takes a virile man to make a chicken pregnant."	Perdue chicken ad, as mistranslated in Mexico
Love is the answer, but while you're waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions.	Woody Allen
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.	 Brendon Behan
Sex is like bridge: If you don't have a good partner, you better have a good hand.	 Charles Pierce
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia.	Charles Schultz
A Code of Honor: Never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief as your goal. There are just too many women in the world to justify that sort of dishonorable behavior. Unless she's really attractive.	Bruce Friedman
Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up.	Robert Frost (1874-1963)
Don't trust anyone over 30 who used to say "Don't trust anyone over 30.	Anonymous
For best results: wash in cold water separately, hang dry and iron with warm iron. For not so good results: drag behind car through puddles, blow-dry on roofrack. (Laundry instructions on a shirt made by HEET (Korea))
If someone offers you a breath mint, accept it.	H. Jackson Brown, Jr. - Life's Little Treasure Book, on wisdom
If you can't convince them, confuse them.	Harry S. Truman
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.	Mark Twain (1835-1910)
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.	Josh Billings
Never judge a book by its movie.	J. W. Eagan
Never judge someone by who he's in love with; judge him by his friends.
People fall in love with the most appalling people. Take a cool, appraising glance at his pals.	Cynthia Heimel
Problems cannot be solved at the same level of awareness that created them.	Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
'Think simple' as my old master used to say - meaning reduce the whole of its parts into the simplest terms, getting back to first principles.	Frank Lloyd Wright (1868-1959)
Trust, but verify.	Ronald Reagan , Former U.S. President
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.	Benjamin Franklin (1706-1790)
Whatever you are, be a good one.	Abraham Lincoln (1809-1865)
When in doubt, make a fool of yourself. There is a microscopically thin line between being brilliantly creative and acting like the most gigantic idiot on earth. So what the hell, leap.	Cynthia Heimel , "Lower Manhattan Survival Tactics" in Village Voice
You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone.	Al Capone (1899-1947)
One should judge a man mainly from his depravities. Virtues can be faked. Depravities are real."	 Klaus Kinski
Argue for your limitations and they're yours.	 Jonathan Livingston Seagull
Enough is an abundance to the wise.	Euripides.
Only those who attempt the absurd...will achieve the impossible. I think...I think it's in my basement...Let me go upstairs and check.	Escher
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.	Robert F. Kennedy
Once conform, once do what others do because they do it, and a kind of lethargy steals over all the finer senses of the soul.	Michel de Montaigne
Despite the high cost of living it remains a popular item.	Anonymous
Doctors are the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too.	Anton Chekhov
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear.	Ambrose Redmoon
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't.	Margaret Thatcher
Believe me! The secret of reaping the greatest fruitfulness and the greatest enjoyment from life is to live dangerously!	Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900)
Black holes are where God divided by zero.	Steven Wright
Every woman adors a fascist, the boot in the face, the brute brute heart of a brute like you.	Sylvia Plath
The bonds of wedlock are so heavy it takes two to carry them-sometimes three.	Alexandre Dumas
Believe those who are seeking the truth; doubt those who find it.	Andre Gide
Beauty without grace is the hook without the bait.	Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882)
Behind every successful man is a woman, behind her is his wife.	Groucho Marx (1895-1977)
Being a hero is about the shortest-lived profession on earth.	Will Rogers (1879-1935)
Anyone who isn't confused really doesn't understand the situation.	Edward R. Murrow
Anyway, no drug, not even alcohol, causes the fundamental ills of society. If we're looking for the source of our troubles, we shouldn't test people ofor drugs, we should test them for stupidity, ignorance, greed and love of power.	P. J. O'Rourke
As long as people will accept crap, it will be financially profitable to dispense it.	Dick Cavett
Atention to health is life greatest hindrance.	Plato (427-347 B.C.)
You have to be grateful for people like that, without them, christianity would be a lot more popular	(About Anita Bryant and her hard right bible belt ilk.)
Communication with an engineer is only slightly more difficult than communication with the dead.	Lorren 'Rus' Stiles, Sr.
Confusion now hath made his masterpiece!	William Shakespeare - Macbeth
Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.	Anonymous
Distrust any enterprise that requires new clothes.	Henry David Thoreau(1817-1862)
Do not write so that you can be understood, write so that you cannot be misunderstood.	Epictetus
Friends: People who know you well, but like you anyway.	Anonymous
For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong.	Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956)
Get your facts first and then you can distort them as much as you wish.	Mark Twain (1835-1910)
Happiness is just an illusion caused by the temporary absence of reality.	Anonymous
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.	Napoleon Bonaparte (1769-1821)
Drama is life with the dull bits cut out.	Alfred Hitchcock
Everyone is a genius at least once a year; a real genius has his original ideas closer together.	George Lichtenberg (1742-1799)
Everything has been figured out, except how to live.	Jean-Paul Sartre (1905-1980)
Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared, for the greatest fool may ask more than the wisest man can answer.	Charles Caleb Colton
How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth?	Arthur Conan Doyle, Sir - The Sign of Four
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.	Redd Foxx
Heav'n hath no rage like love to hatred turn'd, Nor Hell a fury, like a woman scorn'd.	William Congreve (1670-1729)
History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely when they have exhausted all other alternatives.	Abba Eban (1915- )
Human beings are perhaps never more frightening than when they are convinced beyond doubt that they are right.	Laurens van der Post
I am indebted to the cat for a particular kind of honorable deceit, for a greater control over myself, for a characteristic aversion to brutal sounds and for the need to keep silent for long periods of time. 	Colette
I am the emperor, and I want dumplings.	Ferdinand I (Distantly related to Mead)
I think it would be a good idea.	Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948) , when asked what he thought of Western civilization
I strive to be brief, and I become obscure.	Horace
I like the word 'indolence'. It makes my laziness seem classy.	Bern Williams
I just bought a Mac to help me design the next Cray. (Seymoure Cray (1925-1996) , when was informed that Apple Inc. had recently bought a Cray supercomputer to help them design the next Mac.)
In a cat's eyes, all things belong to cats.	English Proverb
In answer to the question of why it happened, I offer the modest proposal that our Universe is simply one of those things which happen from time to time.	Edward P. Tryon
In my opinion nothing occurs contrary to nature except the impossible, and that never occurs.	Galileo Galilei , in 1638
If you want to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe.	Carl Sagan
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.	Henny Youngman
If a word in the dictionary were misspelled, how would we know?	Steven Wright
It is one of the superstitions of the human mind to have imagined that virginity could be a virtue.	Voltaire (1694-1778)
It is absurd to divide people into good or bad. People are either charming or tedious.	Oscar Wilde (1854-1900)
It is better to have loft and lost than to never have loft at all.	Groucho Marx (1895-1977)
It is impossible to defeat an ignorant man in argument.	William G. McAdoo
It's a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money.	Albert Camus
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.	Jerry Seinfeld
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.	Sigmund Freud
Sometimes I think we're alone in the universe, and sometimes I think we're not. In either case the idea is quite staggering.	Arthur C. Clarke
Religion... is the opium of the masses.	Karl Marx
Sex appeal is 50% what you've got and 50% what people think you've got.	Sophia Loren
There's a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore like an idiot.	Steven Wright
There's never enough time to do all the nothing you want.	Bill Watterson - Calvin and Hobbes
We are not retreating - we are advancing in another Direction.	Douglas MacArthur, General (1880-1964)
Weaseling out of things is good. It's what separates us from the other animals....except weasels.	Homer Simpson
When I'm working on a problem, I never think about beauty. I think only how to solve the problem. But when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong.	Richard Buckminster Fuller
When you choose the lesser of two evils, always remember that it is still an evil.	Max Lerner
While one person hesitates because he feels inferior, another is busy making mistakes and becoming superior.	Henry C. Link
While we are postponing, life speeds by.	Seneca (3 B.C. - 65 A.D.)
Why do we kill people who kill people to show that killing people is wrong.	Anonymous
Women like silent men. They think they're listening.	Marcel Archard
You don't fuck around with the infinite.	Mean Streets
You will be able to appreciate the influence of such an Engine on the future progress of science. I live in a country which is incapable of estimating it.	Charles Babbage
If god wanted people to believe in him, why'd he invent logic then?	David Feherty
There are two things in the world that can never get together- religion & common sense.	George W Foote
The absurdity of a religious practice may be clearly demonstrated without lessening the numbers of people who indulge in it.	Anatole France
Religion has done love a great service by making it a sin	Anatole France
The impotence of God is infinite.	Anatole France
Religion is comparable to a childhood neurosis.	Sigmund Freud
The right of holding slaves is clearly established in the Holy Scriptures, both by precept and example.	Reverend R. Furman
The careful student of history will discover that Christianity has been of very little value in advancing civilization, but has done a great deal toward retarding it.	Matilda Gage
In questions of science, the authority of a thousand is not worth the humble reasoning of a single individual.	Galileo Galilei
Organized Christianity has probably done more to retard the ideals that were its founder's than any other agency in the world	Richard Le Gallienne
I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians, Your christians are so unlike your Christ.	Mahatma Gandhi
The priest is the personification of falsehood.	Giuseppe Garibaldi
If there is a God, atheism must strike Him as less of an insult than religion.	Edmond and Jules de Goncourt
Don't take our word for it. Read the Bible itself. Read the statements of preachers. And you will understand that God is the most desperate character, the worst villain in all fiction.	E. Haldeman-Julius
Life in Lubbock, Texas, taught me two things: One is that God loves you and you're going to burn in hell. The other is that sex is the most awful, filthy thing on earth and you should save it for someone you love.	Butch Hancock
Dogs: 'They feed me, they give me a place to stay. They must be gods.' Cats: 'They feed me, they give me a place to stay. I must be God.'
Christ rode on an ass, but now asses ride on Christ.	Heine
In dark ages people are best guided by religion, as in pitch-black night a blind man is the best guide; he knows the roads and paths better than a man who can see. When daylight comes, however, it is foolish to use blind, old men as guides.	Heine
Men rarely (if ever) manage to dream up a god superior to themselves. Most gods have the manners and morals of a spoiled child.	Heinlein
God is omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent - it says so right here on the label. If you have a mind capable of believing all three of these attributes simultaneously, I have a wonderful bargain for you. No checks, please. Cash and in small bills.	Heinlein
Of all the strange "crimes" that humanity has legislated out of nothing, "blasphemy" is the most amazing - with "obscenity" and "indecent exposure" fighting it out for second and third place.	Heinlein
Anyone who can worship a trinity and insist that his religion is a monotheism can believe anything... just give him time to rationalize it.	Heinlein
God split himself into a myriad parts that he might have friends.This may not be true, but it sounds good, and is no sillier than any other theology.	Heinlein
...little children who have begun to live in their mothers' womb and have there died, or who, having just been born, have passed away from the world without the sacrament of holy baptism... must be punished by the eternal torture of undying fire.
Being unable to reason is not a positive character trait outside religion.	Dewey Henize
Organized Religion is like Organized Crime; it preys on peoples' weakness, generates huge profits for its operators, and is almost impossible to eradicate.	Mike Hermann 
I believe today that I am acting in the sense of the Almighty Creator. By warding off the Jews I am fighting for the Lord's work.	Adolf Hitler, from a speech at the Reichstag 1936
I believe today that my conduct is in accordance with the will of the Almighty Creator.	Adolf Hitler, Mein Kampf
The whole Bible was written by slave owners, and for slave owners. There is no hint of criticism of slavery anywhere in that book. Jesus made no objection to mistreatment of slaves. He indicated that selling of debtors into slavery would be continued his forthcoming kingdom of heaven as well as masters having the right to beat their slaves and put them to torture.	Merrill Holste, "Slavery and the Bible", article in the May 1986 issue of American Atheist Magazine]
Writing for a penny a word is ridiculous. If a man really wants to make a million dolars, the best way would be to start his own religion.	L. Ron Hubbard, founder of scientology
The Christian religion not only was at first attended with miracles, but even at this day cannot be believed by any reasonable person without one.	David Hume
The believer is happy; the doubter is wise.	Hungarian Proverb
You never see animals going through the absurd and often horrible fooleries of magic and religion. Only man behaves with such gratuitous folly. It is the price he has to pay for being intelligent but not, as yet, quite intelligent enough.	Aldous Huxley
The dogma of the infallibility of the Bible is no more self-evident than is that of the infallibility of the popes.	Thomas Huxley
To hate man and worship god seems to be the sum of all the creeds.	Robert G. Ingersoll
With soap, baptism is a good thing.	Robert G. Ingersoll
A crime against god is a demonstrated impossibility.	Robert G. Ingersoll
Orthodoxy cannot afford to put out the fires of hell.	Robert G. Ingersoll
We are told in the Pentateuch, that god, the father of us all, gave thousands of maidens, after having killed their fathers, their mothers, and their brothers, to satisfy the brutal lusts of savage men. If there be a god, I pray him to write in his book, opposite my name, that I denied this lie for him.	Robert G. Ingersoll
If Christ, in fact, said 'I came not to bring peace but a sword,' it is the only prophecy in the New Testament that has been literally fulfilled.	Robert G. Ingersoll
Ministers say that they teach charity. That is natural. They live on hand-outs. All beggars teach that others should give.	Robert G. Ingersoll
That church [Catholic] teaches us that we can make God happy by being miserable ourselves...	Ingersoll
Suppose, however, that God did give this law to the Jews, and did tell them that whenever a man preached a heresy, or proposed to worship any other God that they should kill him; and suppose that afterward this same God took upon himself flesh, and came to this very chosen people and taught a different religion, and that thereupon the Jews crucified him; I ask you, did he not reap exactly what he had sown? What right would this god have to complain of a crucifixion suffered in accordance with his own command?	Ingersoll
For ages, a deadly conflict has been waged between a few brave men and women of thought and genius upon the one side, and the great ignorant religious mass on the other. This is the war between Science and Faith. The few have appealed to reason, to honor, to law, to freedom, to the known, and to happiness here in this world. The many have appealed to prejudice, to fear, to miracle, to slavery, to the unknown, and to misery hereafter. The few have said, 'Think!' The many have said, 'Believe!'	Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Gods", 1872
If the book [the Bible] and my brain are both the work of the same Infinite God, whose fault is it that the book and my brain do not agree? Robert G. Ingersoll
It is a blessed thing that in every age some one has had individuality enough and courage enough to stand by his own convictions. I believe it was Magellan who said, 'The church says the earth is flat; but I have seen its shadow on the moon, and I have more confidence even in a shadow than in the Church.' On the prow of his ship were disobedience, defiance, scorn, and success.	Robert G. Ingersoll
I learned long ago never to wrestle with a pig. You get dirty, and besides, the pig likes it.	Cyrus Ching
Use against heretics the spiritual sword of excommunication, and if this does not prove effective, use the material sword.	Pope Innocent III (1161-1216)
And he brought out the people that were in it, and cut them with saws, and with harrows of iron, and with axes. Even so dealt David with all the cities of the children of Ammon. And David and all the people returned to Jerusalem.	1 Chr 20:3
And he brought forth the people that were therein, and put them under saws, and under harrows of iron, and under axes of iron, and made them pass through the brick-kiln: and thus did he unto all the cities of the children of Ammon. So David and all the people returned unto Jerusalem.	2 Sam 12:31
And I will kill her children with death; and all the churches shall know that I am he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and I will give unto every one of you according to your works.	Rev 2:23
And they utterly destroyed all that was in the city, both man and woman, young and old, and ox, and sheep, and ass, with the edge of the sword.	Jos 6:21
And Joshua, and all Israel with him, took Achan the son of Zerah, and the silver, and the garment, and the wedge of gold, and his sons, and his daughters, and his oxen, and his asses, and his sheep, and his tent, and all that he had: and they brought them unto the valley of Achor. And Joshua said, Why hast thou troubled us? the LORD shall trouble thee this day. And all Israel stoned him with stones, and burned them with fire, after they had stoned them with stones.	Jos 7:24-25
Then said they unto him, Say now Shibboleth: and he said Sibboleth: for he could not frame to pronounce it right. Then they took him, and slew him at the passages of Jordan: and there fell at that time of the Ephraimites forty and two thousand.	Jg 12:6
And Samson went and caught three hundred foxes, and took firebrands, and turned tail to tail, and put a firebrand in the midst between two tails.	JG 15:4
And the LORD smote Benjamin before Israel: and the children of Israel destroyed of the Benjamites that day twenty and five thousand and an hundred men: all these drew the sword.	Jg 20:35
Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I remember that which Amalek did to Israel, how he laid wait for him in the way, when he came up from Egypt. Now go and smite Amalek, and utterly destroy all that they have, and spare them not; but slay both man and woman, infant and suckling, ox and sheep, camel and ass.	1 Sam 15:2-3
Even in using rings on Giant Redwood trees to date trees is erroneous because when God made the trees they were made old
everybody knows God exists..you just said 'God damn it!' You couldn't do that if there wasn't a god
Even if you think (as the Netscape 6.0 engineers clearly do) that Alt+Left is not a good shortcut key for "Back", there are literally millions of people out there who will try to use Alt+Left to go back, and if you refuse to do it on some general religious principle that Bill Gates is the evil smurf arch-nemesis Gargamel, then you are just gratuitously ruining your program so that you can feel smug and self-satisfied, and your users will not thank you for it.	Joel Spolsky
When you design user interfaces, it's a good idea to keep two principles in mind: 1. Users don't have the manual, and if they did, they wouldn't read it. 2. In fact, users can't read anything, and if they could, they wouldn't want to. 	Joel Spolsky
Even as the prosecution's case against Joseph Amrine fell apart over the years, the state continued to seek his execution. Indeed, at a hearing on 4 February 2003 before the Missouri Supreme Court, a prosecutor from the state Attorney General's Office argued that the Court should block Joseph Amrine from having his case reopened. One of the Justices asked whether in the absence of the Court finding a constitutional violation, the state was suggesting that "even if we find Mr Amrine is actually innocent, he should be executed?" The assistant attorney general replied, "That's correct, your honour". 
Mathematics are one of the fundamentaries of educationalizing our youths.	George W Bush
Put every man his sword by his side, and go in and out from gate to gate throughout the camp, and slay every man his brother, and every man his companion, and every man his neighbor. And the children of Levi did according to the word of Moses: and there fell of the people that day about three thousand men.	Exodus 32:28
And when the people complained, it displeased the LORD: and the LORD heard it; and his anger was kindled; and the fire of the LORD burnt among them, and consumed them that were in the uttermost parts of the camp.	Numbers 11:1
Then Moses heard the people weep throughout their families...and the anger of the LORD was kindled greatly; Moses also was displeased...And there went forth a wind from the LORD, and brought quails from the sea, and let them fall by the camp...And while the flesh was yet between their teeth, ere it was chewed, the wrath of the LORD was kindled against the people, and the LORD smote the people with a very great plague.	Numbers 11:10-34
And the LORD said unto Moses, Fear him not: for I have delivered him into thy hand, and all his people, and his land; and thou shalt do to him as thou didst unto Sihon king of the Amorites, which dwelt at Heshbon. So they smote him, and his sons, and all his people, until there was none left him alive: and they possessed his land.	Numbers 21:34-35
And Moses said unto them, Have ye saved all the women alive?...Now therefore kill every male among the little ones, and kill every woman that hath known man by lying with him. But all the women children, that have not known a man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves.	Numbers 31:15
There are only two industries that refer to their customers as "users".	Edward Tufte
Benchmarks are like assholes. Everyone's got one and they all stink.
One of our greatest glories is closure of offending newspapers. Based on our assessments, by doing this, we have done the greatest service to the people. ... When you do a job for the sake of God, defeat is meaningless.	Abbas-Ali Alizadeh,  Head Of The Judiciary Administration In Teheran - commenting on the closure of over 50 newspapers in the last 20 months, 12 December 2001
There is no such thing as the UN. There is an international community that can be led by the only real power left in the world, and that is the US, when it suits our interests and when we can get others to go along.	John Bolton, US State Department
All the ills from which America suffers can be traced back to the teaching of evolution. It would be better to destroy every other book ever written, and save just the first three verses of Genesis.	William Jennings Bryan
Rail as they will about 'discrimination,' women are simply not endowed by nature with the same measures of single-minded ambition and the will to succeed in the fiercely competitive world of Western capitalism.	Pat Buchanan
In terms of the CO2 issue, I will explain as clearly as I can, today and every other chance I get, that we will not do anything that harms our economy. Because, first things first, are the people who live in America. That's my priority.	George Monkey Bush
At the end of the Mesozoic, you begin to see evidence of a stunning moral decline. Bones of wives and children all alone, with the philandering husband's bones nowhere in sight. Heaps of fossilised species living together in unnatural defiance of biblical law. Researchers have even excavated entire orgies - hundreds of animals with their bones intertwined in lewd positions. Immorality was rampant.	Rev Jesse Colson
I shall be telling the court that the Lord told me I didn't need insurance, and that that assurance is my divine protection. I have been licensed from heaven, and I will be giving the word of the Lord in court. 	Peter David, after having been stopped by police in South Wales who found he was driving with no insurance, MOT, or road tax, and had an unlicensed number plate of DEUT 818
There's a lot of it that's truth, the way I see it. Who came to this country first - the white man, didn't he? That's who made this country great.	Don Davis, Republican senator from North Carolina, commenting on an email he forwarded to every member of the state House and Senate ("Two things made this country great: White men & Christianity. Every problem that has arrisen [sic] can be directly traced back to our departure from God's Law and the disenfranchisement of White men."), 22 August 2001
Damn it, when you get married, you kind of expect you're going to get a little sex. 	Senator Jeremiah Denton Alabama - R, explaining his opposition to legislation to protect victims of rape within marriage, 1981
If you're not a born-again Christian, you're a failure as a human being. 	Rev. Jerry Falwell
It is absolutely infallible, without error in all matters pertaining to faith and practice, as well as in areas such as geography, science, history, etc.	Jerry Falwell, speaking about the bible...
A secularist represents a danger to society and the nation that must be eliminated. It is the duty of the Government to kill him.	Sheik Mohammed al-Ghozali, 1993
... a noble practice which does honour to women. 	Sheik Gad Al Haq Ali Gad Al Haq, explaining the removal of part or all of a girl's clitoris
Nothing could be more anti-Biblical than letting women vote. 	Harper's editorial
Capital punishment is our society's recognition of the sanctity of human life.	Senator Orrin Hatch, Republican Utah
I am now as before a Catholic and will always remain so.	Adolph Hitler
I believe today that I am acting in the sense of the Almighty Creator. By warding off the Jews I am fighting for the Lord's work.	Adolf Hitler
The first proposition, that the sun is the center and does not revolve around the earth, is foolish, absurd, false in theology, and heretical, because expressly contrary to Holy Scripture. The second proposition, that the earth is not the center but revolves around the sun, is absurd, false in philosophy, and from a theological point of view at least, opposed to the true faith. 	The Inquisition's Judgement on Galileo
See, God has got plans for His kids. He is going to fix it back like it used to be; you are going to be able to have your own pet dinosaur for 1000 years, fixed back like it used to be.	Kent Hovind
They know that evolution is the only philosophy that can be used to justify their political agenda of: i. Communism. ii. Racism. iii. Abortion. iv. Nazism. v. Socialism. vi. Gay rights. vii. Women's liberation. viii. Extreme environmentalism. ix. Euthanasia. x. Pornography. xi. Humanism. xii. New Age Movement.	Kent Hovind
It doesn't give me displeasure to hear of a virgin being raped. The lot of women is to be fornicated. 	Lafayette Ron Hubbard
Vaccination is a direct violation of the everlasting covenant that God made with Noah after the flood ... Vaccination never saved human life. It does not prevent smallpox.	Jehovah's Witnesses
I would shoot the bastards if I was allowed, because a woman can't represent Christ. Men and women are totally different, that's not my fault, and Jesus chose men for his disciples. ... Priestesses should be burnt at the stake because they are assuming powers they have no right to. In the medieval world that was called sorcery. The way of dealing with sorcerers was to burn them at the stake. It's illegal now but if I had my way that is what would happen to them. In medieval times, I would burn the bloody bitches. 	Rev Anthony Kennedy, on female priests.
It should be made clear that in order to live a Christian life, any Christian must be able to discriminate and hate, because that's what the bible says.	Bernhard Kuiper, Colorado Springs Pastor
The woman who is truly Spirit-filled will want to be totally submissive to her husband ... This is a truly liberated woman. Submission is God's design for women.	Beverly LaHaye
We really have dinosaurs today, without any question. You just need the right weather conditions, as I see it, to get huge creatures. And in the ocean, of course, we have huge creatures ... This is where the pleisosauruses seem to be today, and perhaps also this fire-breathing dragon is still down there - very rare, but occasionally there.	Rev. Walter Lang, Founder Of The Bible-Science Association
... the feasibility of maintaining an ark full of representative creatures for a year until the waters had sufficiently receded has been well documented.	Steven Layfield, head of (creationist) science at Emmanuel College, Gateshead
Whoever wants to be a Christian should tear the eyes out of his Reason.	Martin Luther
The word and works of God is quite clear, that women were made either to be wives or prostitutes.	Martin Luther
This fool wishes to reverse the entire science of astronomy; but sacred scripture tells us that Joshua commanded the sun to stand still, and not the earth. 	Martin Luther, speaking of Copernicus
There is on earth among all dangers no more dangerous thing than a richly endowed and adroit reason... Reason must be deluded, blinded, and destroyed.	Martin Luther
Even though they grow weary and wear themselves out with child-bearing, it does not matter; let them go on bearing children till they die, that is what they are there for.	Martin Luther
Faith must trample under foot all reason, sense, and understanding, and whatever it sees it must put out of sight, and wish to know nothing but the word of god.	Martin Luther
Idiots, the lame, the blind, the dumb, are men in whom the devils have established themselves: and all the physicians who heal these infirmities, as though they proceeded from natural causes, are ignorant blockheads ...	Martin Luther
Men have broad and large chests, and small narrow hips, and more understanding than women, who have but small and narrow breasts, and broad hips, to the end they should remain at home, sit still, keep house, and bear and bring up children.	Martin Luther
The shedding of this man's [Salman Rushdie's] blood is obligatory. Any Muslim who hears an insult to the prophet must kill the person who commits the insult. It is better that those closest to that person try to kill him first. 	Morteza Moqtadie , Iranian Chief Prosecutor, 1998
The long-term goal of Christians in politics should be to gain exclusive control over the franchise. Those who refuse to submit publicly to the eternal sanctions of God by submitting to His Church's public marks of the covenant - baptism and holy communion - must be denied citizenship, just as they were in ancient Israel.	Gary North
If there be men on the other side of the earth, Christ must have gone there and suffered a second time to save them; and therefore there must have been, as necessary preliminaries to his coming, a duplicate Adam, Eden, serpent, and Deluge!	Father Procopius
Mars is somewhat the same distance from the Sun, which is very important. We have seen pictures where there are canals, we believe, and water. If there is water, that means there is oxygen. If oxygen, that means we can breathe.	Dan Quayle, 1989
Incest is a voluntary act on the woman's part.	From a pamphlet published by the American Life League
My personal feeling is that oral sex is against nature.	Pat Robertson
I know one man who was impotent who gave AIDS to his wife and the only thing they did was kiss.	Pat Robertson
The feminist agenda is not about equal rights for women. It is about a socialist, anti-family political movement that encourages women to leave their husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism and become lesbians.	Pat Robertson
As you know, atheists and other non believers claim women are equal to men. However, when we turn to the Bible, we find that the Creator of all mankind says females are the weaker gender. Heathen reasoning erroneously concludes that the principle of inequality of women is injustice to women. However it is not injustice, but great wisdom.	Society For The Practical Establishment And Perpetuation Of The Ten Commandments
The best way to understand the nature of atheism is to understand its author. satan is its author. ... Thus atheism is properly defined as a denial of the existence of God in the midst of full knowledge that God does indeed exist. ... Atheism is the ultimate of satanism. ... Atheism is therefore a doctrine of demons, and in many, if not all cases, atheists are demon-possessed. So it is quite possible that when you heard atheists speaking, all you heard was demons ranting against God.	Society For The Practical Establishment And Perpetuation Of The Ten Commandments
... there is no life on other planets. If there were, the Bible would have mentioned it.	Jim Staal
We ought to tell every other Muslim living in this nation that if you say one word, you're gone. 	Jimmy Swaggart
I think it is very beautiful for the poor to accept their lot, to share it with the passion of Christ. I think the world is being much helped by the suffering of the poor people.	Mother Teresa
I should not allow any child entrusted to my care to be adopted by a woman who has had an abortion or used contraception. Such a woman is incapable of love.	Mother Teresa
Woman is a temple built over a sewer, the gateway to the devil. Women are the gate to hell.	Tertullian
After Jesus Christ we have no need of speculation, after the Gospel no need of research. When we come to believe, we have no desire to believe anything else; for we begin by believing that there is nothing else which we have to believe.	Tertullian
The world will note that the first atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima, a military base. That was because we wished in this first attack to avoid, insofar as possible, the killing of civilians.	Harry Truman
We don't have to protect the environment, the Second Coming is at hand.	James Watt, US Secretary of the Interior
Wife: Be content to be insigifigant. What loss would it be to God or man had you never been born? 	John Wesley
But if you can't rape your wife, who can you rape? 	Senator Bob Wilson California - D
Anyone who is not a true Christian, is by default, Satanic.	Steve Winter
As I understand the Christian religion, it was, and is, a revelation. But how has it happened that millions of fables, tales, legends, have been blended with both Jewish and Christian revelation that have made them the most bloody religion that ever existed?	John Adams, 1816
Do not suppose the statements of the prophets to be true. Men lived comfortably till they came and spoiled life. The "sacred books" are only such a set of idle tales as any age could have and indeed did actually produce.	Al Ma'Arri, Syrian poet
Because we must. Because we have the call. Because it is nobler to fight for rationality without winning than to give up in the face of continued defeats. Because whatever true progress humanity makes is through the rationality of the occasional individual and because any one individual we may win for the cause may do more for humanity than a hundred thousand who hug superstition to their breasts. 	Isaac Asimov on why he opposed religion
Truth is the daughter of time, not of authority.	Francis Bacon
I mean if you can believe in the Christian religion you can believe in anything, you know it's so utterly preposterous. 	Tom Baker, who was raised a catholic and lived in a monastery for 7 years.
If the answers to prayer are merely what God wills all along, then why pray?	Dan Barker
You keep accusing me of blasphemy all of the time, But I cannot be convicted of a victimless crime.	Dan Barker
Faith is a cop-out. It is intellectual bankruptcy. If the only way you can accept an assertion is by faith, then you are conceding that it can't be taken on its own merits	Dan Barker
Freethinkers reject faith as a valid tool of knowledge. Faith is the opposite of reason because reason imposes very strict limits on what can be true, and faith has no limits at all. A Great Escape into faith is no retreat to safety. It is nothing less than surrender. 	Dan Barker
To think that the ruler of the universe will run to my assistance and bend the laws of nature for me is the height of arrogance. That implies that everyone else (such as the opposing football team, driver, student, parent) is de-selected, unfavored by God, and that I am special, above it all. 	Dan Barker
In matters of religion it is very easy to deceive a man, and very hard to undeceive him. 	Pierre Bayle, 1697
It is proof of a base and low mind for one to wish to think with the masses or majority, merely because the majority is the majority. Truth does not change because it is, or is not, believed by a majority of the people. 	Giordano Bruno, 1548
The idea that a good God would send people to a burning hell is utterly damnable to me. The ravings of insanity! Superstition gone to seed! I don't want to have anything to do with such a God.	Luther Burbank
Atheism is no more a religion than abstinence is a form of drinking.	Marilyn Burge
By simple common sense I don't believe in God, in none.	Charlie Chaplin
For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.	Richard Clopton
I dream that someday the United States will be on the side of the peasants in some civil war. I dream that we will be the ones who will help the poor overthrow the rich, who will talk about land reform and education and health facilities for everyone, and that when the Red Cross or Amnesty International comes to count the bodies and take the testimony of women raped, that our side won't be the heavies.	Richard Cohen
The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary; men alone are quite capable of every wickedness.	Joseph Conrad
The United States is the greatest purveyor of violence in the world today	Martin Luther King
Terrorists hate America because America is a land of freedom and opportunity. We intend to attack the root causes of terrorism.
Its the foolish cat that looks at the finger when it is pointing at the food
Jonathan Goode (grade 7) applied findings from many fields of science to support his conclusion that God designed women for homemaking: physics shows that women have a lower center of gravity than men, making them more suited to carrying groceries and laundry baskets; biology shows that women were designed to carry un-born babies in their wombs and to feed born babies milk, making them the natural choice for child rearing; social sciences show that the wages for women workers are lower than for normal workers, meaning that they are unable to work as well and thus earn equal pay; and exegetics shows that God created Eve as a companion for Adam, not as a co-worker. 7th grader science project
At this point I'd have to say the primary strength of C++ is performance. That's the only compelling reason to use it at this point, because the downsides are many -- the excessive complexity of the language and lack of garbage collection are the two biggest time-wasters. I still enjoy C++ as an intellectual puzzle; I keep learning from it. But I would be very reluctant to use it exclusively for a significant project, unless there was a constraint that required it.	Bruce Eckel, author of "Thinking In C++"
I was incredibly skeptical about C# at first, for quite awhile. However, as time passed and I began to learn about the language, I started to see that it really is a better Java. 	Bruce Eckel, author of "Thinking in Java"
C# is the best thing Microsoft has done in the language arena, very well thought-out and architected.	Bruce Eckel, author of various C++, Java and Python books.
Do you know why they call it "PMS"? Because "Mad Cow Disease" was taken.
Religion is a defense against the experience of God	Carl Jung
I think they should have added a giant blue elephant to Christianity, it would've been cool for Jesus to ride that around.	s0meb0die
A. Because it breaks the logical order of conversation. Q. Why is top posting bad?
It is always a simple matter to drag the people along, whether it is a democracy, or a fascist dictatorship, or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship. Voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of their leaders. That is easy. All you have to tell them is that they are being attacked and denounce the peacemakers for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country.	Hermann Göring
I was reading about what was going on in Afghanistan--the way women were being oppressed, the destruction of religious statues. And when I heard that song [Raining Blood], I just imagined a huge juicy vagina coming out of the sky, raining blood over all those racist, misogynist fuckers.	Tori Amos
I've had a lot of response from the fundamentalist Christians over here. God, I'm going to hell! In the southern states of America they won't play me at all. God was the No. 1 record on US alternative radio for four weeks and they wouldn't play it. It's really funny. I'm the Devil's Daughter down there and I have to chuckle because these guys are missing the point. This is about freedom. 	Tori Amos
Get off the cross, we need the wood.	Tori Amos
I find that being a minister's daughter was a great gift because I saw the dark side of Christianity.	Tori Amos
Where I come from, a cockroach is a roach, and a cockerel is a rooster because they can't bring themselves to say cock.	Tori Amos
I refuse to simply accept God's will. I receive a lot of letters from women who write that they've been raped by their father for years, from the time they were little children. Then don't start insulting those women, especially not while I'm around, by saying that it's God's will. And I don't need to hear that it's karma either.	Tori Amos
The animus in me is raspberry swirl, I'm in love with my women friends, but I just don't eat pussy. But I'm in love with them. If I had a different sensibility, then you know I think I could, you know, really fulfill someone down there, where a lot of men in their lives don't. And eating pussy is a metaphor, too - it's about crawling in there, being with their juices, really being with them.	Tori Amos
I don't want to be buried. My Grandmother was convinced I should be burned as a witch and I think that's probably right, that's how I should go. I think fire is cleansing and beautiful. So I definitely want to be cremated and not put in a confined space.	Tori Amos
He's [Tori's father] taken a lot over the years. One song that upset him the most was Father Lucifer. He was very hurt about that. I said, `Dad, this is not about you. I took drugs, took a journey, a shamanic experience, and I had an affair with Lucifer'. I said this at the Sunday dinner table with the chicken. Everyone put their forks down and went, `Oh no'. but my Dad just went, `Oh. OK then'.	Tori Amos
The truth is that anybody who exercises power, whether it is a partner, a government or a religion, only wishes that the others remain fools.	Tori Amos
That's the greatest compliment I've received [Eminem fans hate her cover of Eminem's '97 Bonnie & Clyde].	Tori Amos
I'm known as that girl who has tea with the devil. I'm the thing that fundamentalist Christians cringe over. Mothers drag their daughters out of my shows. Because their daughters are going, 'hey, maybe I don't have to think about these things. Why am I worshipping some dead guy?’	Tori Amos
On some of my darkest days, Lucifer's the one who comes and gives me an ice cream.	Tori Amos
I get everyone except the paedophiles. I think Britney Spears gets all those.	Tori Amos
... I used to get really pissed off that my life was so dictated by when this Jesus guy was born and when he was dying every year. I felt really resentful that I couldn't get on with my own life, because I was so busy with his. Of course the real energy of Jesus had nothing to do with it... There would be prayer meetings at our house, and I'd think, `How do I escape this?' My song Icicle has a lot to do with it. It's about how this girl masturbates just to survive!	Tori Amos
Right. Then no man wants to fuck her anymore and also the urge of women to be just like her will dry up. Then Britney won't be of any use anymore, because she can't sing and she doesn't have anything to say either. And that's sad. Mainly for her, though, because it must be frickin' scary to be so dependent on your looks. I sincerely hope in music a new generation of women will stand up that have something to say. It's about time.	Tori Amos on Britney Spears
Sometimes after the show children tell me they're in an incestuous situation. When they say it's God's will, I can cut the culprit's throat. Abuse isn't what God was talking about. Absolutely not. Fuck 'God's will'.	Tori Amos
I took an aspirin and prayed to God, and my headache disappeared. So God cured me of the headache.
Why should I allow that same God to tell me how to raise my kids, who had to drown His own?	Robert Ingersoll
There is no harmony between religion and science. When science was a child, religion sought to strangle it in the cradle. Now that science has attained its youth, and superstition is in its dotage, the trembling, palsied wreck says to the athlete: 'Let us be friends.' It reminds me of the bargain the cock wished to make with the horse: 'Lut us agree not to step on each other's feet.'	Robert Ingersoll
For ages, a deadly conflict has been waged between a few brave men and women of thought and genius upon the one side, and the great ignorant religious mass on the other. This is the war between Science and Faith. The few have appealed to reason, to honor, to law, to freedom, to the known, and to happiness here in this world. The many have appealed to prejudice, to fear, to miracle, to slavery, to the unknown, and to misery hereafter. The few have said, "Think!" The many have said, "Believe!	Robert Ingersoll
'In God We Trust.' I don't believe it would sound any better if it were true.	Mark Twain
Religion consists in a set of things which the average man thinks he believes and wishes he was certain of.	Mark Twain
Religion is based . . . mainly on fear . . . fear of the mysterious, fear of defeat, fear of death. Fear is the parent of cruelty, and therefore it is no wonder if cruelty and religion have gone hand in hand	Bertrand Russell
A man's ethical behavior should be based effectually on sympathy, education and social ties and needs; no religious basis is necessary. Man would indeed be in a poor way if he had to be restrained by fear of punishment and hope of reward after death.	Albert Einstein
We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the same sense and to the same extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children smart.	HL Mencken
Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurrence of the improbable. . . . A man full of faith is simply one who has lost (or never had) the capacity for clear and realistic thought. He is not a mere ass: he is actually ill.	HL Mencken
God is the immemorial refuge of the incompetent, the helpless, the miserable. They find not only sanctuary in His arms, but also a kind of superiority, soothing to their macerated egos; He will set them above their betters.	HL Mencken
He comes into the world God knows how, walks on the water, gets out of his grave and goes up off the Hill of Howth. What drivel is this?	James Joyce
I confess that I do not see what good it does to fulminate against the English tyranny while the Roman tyranny occupies the palace of the soul.	James Joyce
We should be agnostic about those things for which there is no evidence. We should not hold beliefs merely because they gratify our desires for afterlife, immortality, heaven, hell, etc.	Julian Huxley
No country or people who are slaves to dogma and dogmatic mentality can progress.	Jawaharlal Nehru
By simple common sense I don't believe in God, in none.	Charlie Chaplin
You never see animals going through the absurd and often horrible fooleries of magic and religion. . . . Dogs do not ritually urinate in the hope of persuading heaven to do the same and send down rain. Asses do not bray a liturgy to cloudless skies. Nor do cats attempt, by abstinence from cat's meat, to wheedle the feline spirits into benevolence. Only man behaves with such gratuitous folly. It is the price he has to pay for being intelligent but not, as yet, quite intelligent enough.	Aldous Huxley
History does not record anywhere or at any time a religion that has any rational basis. Religion is a crutch for people not strong enough to stand up to the unknown without help. But, like dandruff, most people do have a religion and spend time and money on it and seem to derive considerable pleasure from fiddling with it.	RAH
If you want to get together in any exclusive situation and have people love you, fine -- but to hang all this desperate sociology on the idea of The Cloud-Guy who has The Big Book, who knows if you've been bad or good -- and CARES about any of it -- to hang it all on that, folks, is the chimpanzee part of the brain working.	Frank Zappa
With enough eyes, all bugs are shallow, except for the bugs left over after all the shallow ones have been fixed.
It may not be true that all Conservatives are stupid people, but it is certainly the case that all stupid people are Conservative.	John Stuart Mill
By definition, explanations that build on simple premises are more plausible and more satisfying than explanations that have to postulate complex and statistically improbable beginnings. And you can't get much more complex than an Almighty God!
First rule of online debate: don't read any posts other than your own, they may contain new and disturbing ideas. Second rule of online debate: if you can't negate the arguments that ARE there, fabricate ones that you can.
99 little bugs in the code, 99 bugs in the code, fix one bug, compile it again, 148 little bugs in the code. 148 little bugs in the code....
When dogma enters the brain, all intellectual activity ceases	Robert Anton Wilson
Linux: The completely free operating system, assuming the rest of your life has no value.	Michalson
It is very easy to be blended to the essential uselessness of linux by the sense of achievement you get from getting it to work at all.
Great Britain: Small American dependency located approximately 5,000 miles outside Galveston, Texas. 
If you have Richard Dawkins speaking at your memorial service and David Gilmour performing "Wish You Were Here" (my absolute favorite Floyd song), you're hangin' in the right crowd in my book. 	Eric Gunnerson
 If you try and take a cat apart to see how it works, the first thing you have in your hands is a non-working cat.	Douglas Adams
Now, the invention of the scientific method and science is, I’m sure we’ll all agree, the most powerful intellectual idea, the most powerful framework for thinking and investigating and understanding and challenging the world around us that there is, and that it rests on the premise that any idea is there to be attacked and if it withstands the attack then it lives to fight another day and if it doesn’t withstand the attack then down it goes. Religion doesn’t seem to work like that; it has certain ideas at the heart of it which we call sacred or holy or whatever. That’s an idea we’re so familiar with, whether we subscribe to it or not, that it’s kind of odd to think what it actually means, because really what it means is ‘Here is an idea or a notion that you’re not allowed to say anything bad about; you’re just not. Why not? — because you’re not!’	Douglas Adams
Religion is all bunk.	Thomas Edison
It is best to read the weather forecast before praying for rain.	Mark Twain
The Bible and the Church have been the greatest stumbling blocks in the way of women's emancipation.	Elizabeth Cady Stanton
I almost shudder at the thought of alluding to the most fatal example of the abuses of grief which the history of [hu]mankind has preserved - the Cross. Consider what calamaties that engine of grief has produced!	John Adams
Finding that no religion is based on facts and cannot therefore be true, I began to reflect what must be the condition of [hu]mankind trained from infancy to believe in error.	Robert Owen
Why has a religious turn of mind always a tendency to narrow and harden the heart?	Robert Burns
It's interesting to speculate how it developed that in two of the most anti-feminist institutions, the church and the law court, the men are wearing the dresses.	Flo Kennedy
I do not believe in the immortality of the individual, and I consider ethics to be an exclusively human concern with no superhuman authority behind it. 	Albert Einstein
Any system of religion that has anything in it that shocks the mind of a child, cannot be a true system.	Thomas Paine
Persecution is not an original feature in any religion; but it is always the strongly marked feature of all religions established by law.	Thomas Paine
I can hardly see how anyone ought to wish Christianity to be true; for if so the plain language of the text seems to show that the men who do not believe, and this would include my Father, Brother, and almost all my best friends, will be everlastingly punished. And this is a damnable doctrine.	Charles Darwin
One does well to put on gloves when reading the New Testament. The proximity of so much uncleanliness almost forces one to do this.	Nietzsche
Think not that I am come to send peace on earth; I came not to send peace, but a sword.	Jesus, Matthew 10:34
The Christian religion has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.	Bertrand Russel
The time appears to me to have come when it is the duty of all to make their dissent from religion known.	John Stuart Mill
If a woman grows weary and at last dies from childbearing, it matters not. Let her die from bearing, she is there to do it.	Martin Luther
More harm has been done to the collective human psyche by religion than by all the fucking and cocksucking since the dawn of time.	George Carlin
The very fact that the Unix world is so full of self-righteous cultural superiority, "advocacy," and slashdot-karma-whoring sectarianism while the Windows world is more practical ("yeah, whatever, I just need to make a living here") stems from a culture that feels itself under siege, unable to break out of the server closet and hobbyist market and onto the mainstream desktop.	Joel Spolsky
On the following day, when they came from Bethany, he [Jesus] was hungry. And seeing in a distance a fig tree in leaf, he went to see if he could find anything on it, he found nothing but leaves, for it was not the season for figs. And he said, "May no fruit ever come from you again." And his disciples heard it...As they passed by in the morning they saw the fig tree withered away to its roots.	Mark 11:12-20
If anyone comes to me and does not hate his own father and mother and wife and children and brothers and sisters...he cannot be my disciple.	Luke 14:26
In short, Jesus' mind was simple and rural, a lot like many fundamentalist Christians today.	Paul Tobin
Jesus, in fact, was typical of a certain kind of fanatical young idealist: at one moment holding forth, with tears in his eyes, about the need for universal love; at the next furiously denouncing the morons, crooks and bigots who do not see eye to eye with him, It is a very natural and human behavior. Many great men of history (for example, Socrates) have met criticism with more dignity and restraint.	Margaret Knight
But woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites!...woe to you, blind guides...You blind fools!...You blind men!...You serpents, you brood of vipers, how are you to escape being sentenced to hell?	The same dude who told you to love your enemies
Then he began to upbraid the cities where most of his mighty works had been done, because they did not repent. "Woe, to you, Chorazin! Woe to you, Bethsaida....And you Capernaum,...you shall be brought down to Hades...But I tell you it shall be more tolerable on the day of judgement for the land of Sodom than for you."	The same dude who told you to love your enemies
 But those enemies of mine who did not want me to be king over them-bring them here and kill them in front of me.	Jesus, who also told you to love your enemies
When Jesus had said this, one of the officials near by struck him in the face. "Is this the way to answer the high priest?" he demanded. "If I did something wrong," Jesus replied, "Speak up about it. But if I spoke the truth, why do you hit me?"	Jesus, who also told you to turn the other cheek
I loathe the expression "What makes him tick." It is the American mind, looking for simple and singular solution, that uses the foolish expression. A person not only ticks, he also chimes and strikes the hour, falls and breaks and has to be put together again, and sometimes stops like an electric clock in a thunderstorm.	James Thurber
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.	Mark Twain
Conservatives want live babies so they can grow up to be dead soldiers.	George Carlin
Ikea is the Linux of the furniture world. It's cheap and works well, but you have to put it together yourself, the instructions are cryptic, and usually half the pieces are missing. 	Some other Raymond
At the heart of the Internet culture is a force that wants to find out everything about you.	Andrew Grove(Chairperson, Intel Corp.).
C++: an octopus made by nailing extra legs onto a dog
"Americans have different ways of saying things. They say 'elevator', we say 'lift'...they say 'President', we say 'stupid psychopathic git'...."	Alexi Sayle
Most of Europe's dangerously psychotic theocrats already moved to the new world after they got the message that they where not welcome. Notice how you got things like the renaissance and industrial revolution only after people started shipping off to the colonies, taking their convert or burn at the stake ways with them?	Michalson
Catholicism isn't so much a religion as a state of guilt.	Sean Timarco Baggaley
There is no nonsense so gross that society will not, at some time, make a doctrine of it and defend it with every weapon of communal stupidity.	Robertson Davies
The Constitution gives every American the inalienable right to make a damn fool of himself.	John Ciardi
You can't use the word "sex" on the Internet!	Marge Simpson
Next time a terrorist gets freed after ten months of red tape, I’ll be sure to thank [the democrats]. I guarantee you that if someone is put in prison with the Patriot Act, even in the rare chance they are not a terrorist or have connections to terrorism, they are sure as hell guilty of something.	An american
If English was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for everyone else.
MS-SQL Server’s gun comes pre-loaded with an unlimited supply of Teflon coated bullets, and it only has two discernible features: the muzzle and the trigger. If that wasn't enough, MS-SQL Server also puts the gun in your hand, applies local anesthetic to the skin of your forefinger and stitches it to the gun's trigger. Meanwhile, another process has set up a spinal block to numb your lower body. It will then proceeded to surgically remove your foot, cryogenically freeze it for preservation, and attach it to the muzzle of the gun so that no matter where you aim, you will shoot your foot. In order to avoid shooting yourself in the foot, you need to unstitch your trigger finger, remove your foot from the muzzle of the gun, and have it surgically reattached. Then you probably want to get some crutches and go out to buy a book on SQL Server Performance Tuning.	Jim Nidosito
Sybase's gun requires assembly, and you need to go out and purchase your own clip and bullets to load the gun. Assembly is complicated by the fact that Sybase has hidden the gun behind a big stack of reference manuals, but it hasn't told you where that stack is. While you were off finding the gun, assembling it, buying bullets, etc., Sybase was also busy surgically removing your foot and cryogenically freezing it for preservation. Instead of attaching it to the muzzle of the gun, though, it packed your foot on dry ice and sent it UPS-Ground to an unnamed hookah bar somewhere in the middle east. In order to shoot your foot, you must modify your gun with a GPS system for targeting and hire some guy named "Indy" to find the hookah bar and wire the coordinates back to you. By this time, you've probably become so daunted at the tasks stand between you and shooting your foot that you hire a guy who's read all the books on Sybase to help you shoot your foot. If you're lucky, he'll be smart enough both to find your foot and to stop you from shooting it.	Jim Nidosito
Genetic algorithms: You create 10,000 strings describing the best way to shoot yourself in the foot. By the time the program produces the optimal solution, humans have evolved wings and the problem is moot.
Internet: You put your foot in your mouth, shoot it, then spam the bullet so that everybody gets shot in the foot.
Oracle: The menus for coding foot_shooting have not been implemented yet and you can't do foot shooting in SQL.
Access: You try to point the gun at your foot, but it shoots holes in all your Borland distribution diskettes instead.
Windows 3.1: Double click the gun icon and wait. Eventually a window opens giving a selection for guns, target areas, plus balloon help with medical remedies, and assorted sound effects. Click "shoot" button and a small box appears with note "Unable to open Shoot.dll, check that path is correct."
Java: You locate the Gun class, but discover that the Bullet class is abstract, so you extend it and write the missing part of the implementation. Then you implement the ShootAble interface for your foot, and recompile the Foot class. The interface lets the bullet call the doDamage method on the Foot, so the Foot can damage itself in the most effective way. Now you run the program, and call the doShoot method on the instance of the Gun class. First the Gun creates an instance of Bullet, which calls the doFire method on the Gun. The Gun calls the hit(Bullet) method on the Foot, and the instance of Bullet is passed to the Foot. But this causes an IllegalHitByBullet exception to be thrown, and you die.
Standard ML: By the time you get your code to typecheck, you're using a shoot to foot yourself in the gun.
Assembly language: You crash the OS and overwrite the root disk. The system administrator arrives and shoots you in the foot. After a moment of contemplation, the administrator shoots himself in the foot and then hops around the room rabidly shooting at everyone in sight.
Perl: You stab yourself in the foot repeatedly with an incredibly large and very heavy Swiss Army knife.
Perl: You pick up the gun and begin to load it. The gun and your foot begin to grow to huge proportions and the world around you slows down, until the gun fires. It makes a tiny hole, which you don't feel.
Postscript: foot bullets 6 locate loadgun aim gun shoot showpage
Smalltalk: You spend so much time playing with the graphics and windowing system that your boss shoots you in the foot, takes away your workstation and makes you develop in COBOL on a character terminal.
Smalltalk: You send the message shoot to gun, with selectors bullet and myFoot. A window pops up saying Gunpowder doesNotUnderstand: spark. After several fruitless hours spent browsing the methods for Trigger, FiringPin and IdealGas, you take the easy way out and create ShotFoot, a subclass of Foot with an additional instance variable bulletHole.
Eiffel: You create a GUN object, two FOOT objects and a BULLET object. The GUN passes both the FOOT objects a reference to the BULLET. The FOOT objects increment their hole counts and forget about the BULLET. A little demon then drives a garbage truck over your feet and grabs the bullet (both of it) on the way.
ADA: If you are dumb enough to actually use this language, the United States Department of Defense will kidnap you, stand you up in front of a firing squad and tell the soldiers, "Shoot at the feet."
ADA: The Department of Defense shoots you in the foot after offering you a blindfold and a last cigarette.
ADA: After correctly packaging your foot, you attempt to concurrently load the gun, pull the trigger, scream and shoot yourself in the foot. When you try, however, you discover that your foot is of the wrong type.
Prolog: No
APL: @#&^$%&%^ foot
Forth: BULLET DUP3 * GUN LOAD FOOT AIM TRIGGER PULL BANG! EMIT DEAD IF DROP ROT THEN (This takes about five bytes of memory, executes in two to ten clock cycles on any processor and can be used to replace any existing function of the language as well as in any future words). (Welcome to bottom up programming - where you, too, can perform compiler pre-processing instead of writing code)
Fortran-77: You shoot yourself in each toe, iteratively, until you run out of toes, then you read in the next foot and repeat. If you run out of bullets, you continue anyway because you still can't do exception-processing.
Prolog: You tell your program you want to be shot in the foot. The program figures out how to do it, but the syntax doesn't allow it to explain.
The first cartoon law of physics: Any body suspended in space will remain in space until made aware of its situation.
The second cartoon law of physics: Any body in motion will tend to remain in motion until solid matter intervenes suddenly.
The third cartoon law of physics: Any body passing through solid matter will leave a perforation conforming to its perimeter.
The fourth cartoon law of physics: The time required for an object to fall twenty stories is greater than or equal to the time it takes for whoever knocked it off the ledge to spiral down twenty flights to attempt to capture it unbroken.
The eighth cartoon law of physics: Any violent rearrangement of feline matter is impermanent.
The ninth cartoon law of physics: Everything falls faster than an anvil.
Chaos reigns within . . . Stop, reflect, and reboot . . . Order shall return.
Windows NT crashed . . . The Blue Screen of Death . . . No one hears your screams.
Aborted effort . . . Close all that you have worked on . . . You ask way too much.
Yesterday it worked . . . Today it is not working . . . Windows is like that.
The Tao that is seen . . . Is not the true Tao . . . Until you bring fresh toner.
Having been erased, . . . The documents you are seeking . . . Must now be retyped.
Serious error . . . All shortcuts have disappeared . . . Screen. Mind. Both are blank.
The code was willing . . . It considered your request . . . But the chips were weak.
Printer not ready . . . Could be a fatal error . . . Have a pen handy?
Errors have occurred . . . We won't tell you where or why . . . Lazy programmers.
Server's poor response . . . Not quick enough for browser . . . Timed out, plum blossom.
Login incorrect . . . Only perfect spellers may . . . enter this system.
This site has been moved . . . We'd tell you where, but then we'd . . . have to delete you.
wind catches lily . . . scatt'ring petals to the wind: . . . segmentation fault
There is a chasm . . . of carbon and silicon . . . the software can't bridge
To have no errors . . . Would be life without meaning . . . No struggle, no joy
No keyboard present . . . Hit F1 to continue . . . Zen engineering?
The ten thousand things . . . How long do any persist? . . . Netscape, too, has gone.
Rather than a beep . . . Or a rude error message, . . . These words: "File not found."
First, we need to know how the mass of Hell is changing in time. So we need to know the rate that souls are moving into Hell and the rate they are leaving. I think that we can safely assume that once a soul gets to Hell, it will not leave. Therefore, no souls are leaving. As for how many souls are entering Hell, let's look at the different religions that exist in the world today. Some of these religions state that if you are not a member of their religion, you will go to Hell. Since there are more than one of these religions and since people do not belong to more than one religion, we can project that all souls go to Hell. With birth and death rates as they are, we can expect the number of souls in Hell to increase exponentially.	College essay about whether hell is exothermic or endothermic
How many humans does it take to change a lightbulb? 100,001. One to change the lightbulb, the rest as biological ancestors to produce him.	 James P. Hogan
How many lawyers does it take to change a lightbulb? There is nothing wrong with that lightbulb and my client demands an immediate apology and damages!
How many C programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? Three, and the bulb would have to be removed and reinserted several times before they got it to work. And no-one would be able to change the bulb after that.
How many Ada programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? One, but before they could start, 87 bureaucrats would have to write proposals justifying the expense of changing it.
How many Lisp programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? None. The programmer writes the basic code, then the bulb changes itself.
How many Prolog programmers does it take to change a lightbulb?	No.
As I 2.54 centimetred my way along the ledge, I could feel my head 0.454 kilogramming with fear that I might fall like a 6.35 kilogramme to the 0.914 metres below. I paused a 12.7 kilogramme of the way along with one 30.5 centimetre 5.03 metred precariously on a short 5.03 metres projecting from the wall.
If IBM made toasters... They would want one big toaster where people bring bread to be submitted for overnight toasting. IBM would claim a worldwide market for five, maybe six toasters.
If Sun made toasters... The toast would burn often, but you could get a really good cuppa Java.
If Microsoft made toasters... Every time you bought a loaf of bread, you would have to buy a toaster. You wouldn't have to take the toaster, but you'd still have to pay for it anyway. Toaster'95 would weigh 15000 pounds (hence requiring a reinforced steel countertop), draw enough electricity to power a small city, take up 95% of the space in your kitchen, would claim to be the first toaster that lets you control how light or dark you want your toast to be, and would secretly interrogate your other appliances to find out who made them. Everyone would hate Microsoft toasters, but nonetheless would buy them since most of the good bread only works with their toasters.
Dear Dr Laura, when I burn a bull on the altar as a sacrifice, I know it creates a pleasing odor for the Lord (Lev 1:9). The problem is my neighbors. They claim the odor is not pleasing to them. Should I smite them?	J. Kent Ashcraft
Dear Dr Laura, I would like to sell my daughter into slavery, as sanctioned in Exodus 21:7. In this day and age, what do you think would be a fair price for her?	From an open letter to Dr. Laura
Dear Dr Laura, I know that I am allowed no contact with a woman while she is in her period of menstrual uncleanliness (Lev 15:19-24). The problem is, how do I tell? I have tried asking, but most women take offense.	J. Kent Ashcraft
Dear Dr Laura, Lev. 25:44 states that I may indeed possess slaves, both male and female, provided they are purchased from neighboring nations. A friend of mine claims that this applies to Mexicans, but not Canadians. Can you clarify? Why can't I own Canadians?	Dr. Laura by J. Kent Ashcraft
Dear Dr Laura, I have a neighbor who insists on working on the Sabbath. Exodus 35:2 clearly states he should be put to death. Am I morally obligated to kill him myself?	J. Kent Ashcraft
Dear Dr Laura, a friend of mine feels that even though eating shellfish is an Abomination (Lev 11:10), it is a lesser abomination than homosexuality. I don't agree. Can you settle this?	J. Kent Ashcraft
Dear Dr Laura, Lev 21:20 states that I may not approach the altar of God if I have a defect in my sight. I have to admit that I wear reading glasses. Does my vision have to be 20/20, or is there some wiggle room here?	J. Kent Ashcraft
Dear Dr Laura, most of my male friends get their hair trimmed, including the hair around their temples, even though this is expressly forbidden by Lev 19:27. How should they die?	J. Kent Ashcraft
Dear Dr Laura, I know from Lev 11:6-8 that touching the skin of a dead pig makes me unclean, but may I still play football if I wear gloves?	J. Kent Ashcraft
Dear Dr Laura, my uncle has a farm. He violates Lev 19:19 by planting two different crops in the same field, as does his wife by wearing garments made of two different kinds of thread (cotton/polyester blend). He also tends to curse and blaspheme a lot. Is it really necessary that we go to all the trouble of getting the whole town together to stone them? (Lev 24:10-16) Couldn't we just burn them to death at a private family affair like we do with people who sleep with their in-laws? (Lev. 20:14)	J. Kent Ashcraft
When I'm having a bad day and it seems that people are trying to wind me up, it takes 42 muscles to frown, 28 to smile and only 4 to extend my arm and smack someone in the mouth!
In this business you either sink or swim or you don't.	David Smith
Both the cockroach and the bird would get along very well without us, although the cockroach would miss us most.	Joseph Wood Krutch
Everybody believes in something and everybody, by virtue of the fact that they believe in something, use that something to support their own existence. 	Frank Zappa
My favorite thing about the Internet is that you get to go into the private world of real creeps without having to smell them.  Penn Jillette
Golf and sex are about the only things you can enjoy without being good at.     Jimmy Demaret
It is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets.	Voltaire
Americans are benevolently ignorant about Canada, while Canadians are malevolently well informed about the United States.       J Bartlett Brebner
Do electric sheep dream of android Scotsmen?
After two years in Washington, I often long for the realism and sincerity of Hollywood.		Fred Thompson
There are three elements to a successfull relationship: Truth, lies and the wisdom to know when to use which.
A spectacular variant of bogo-sort has been proposed which has the interesting property that, if the Many Worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics is true, it can sort an arbitrarily large array in constant time. (In the Many-Worlds model, the result of any quantum action is to split the universe-before into a sheaf of universes-after, one for each possible way the state vector can collapse; in any one of the universes-after the result appears random.) The steps are: 1. Permute the array randomly using a quantum process, 2. If the array is not sorted, destroy the universe. Implementation of step 2 is left as an exercise for the reader.	The Jargon File
The very basis of the Judeo-Christian code is injustice, the scape goat system. The scapegoat sacrifice runs all through the Old Testament, then it reaches its height in the New Testament with the notion of the Martyred Redeemer. How can justice possibly be served by loading your sins on another? Whether it be a lamb having its throat cut ritually, or a Messiah nailed to a cross and 'dying for your sins'. Somebody should tell all of Yahveh's followers, Jews and Christians, that there is no such thing as a free lunch.	Heinlein
"Katie, a straight answer please. Is this Hell? Or is it Texas?" "Both."	Heinlein
We find collected in this book [The Bible] the superstitious beliefs of the ancient inhabitants of Palestine, with indistinct echoes of Indian and Persian fables, mistaken imitation of Egyptian theories and customs, historical chronicles as dry as they are unreliable and miscellaneous poems, amatory, human and Jewish-national, which is rarely distinguished by beauties of the highest order but frequently by superfluity of expression, coarseness, bad taste, and genuine Oriental sensuality.	Max Nordeau
He went up from there to Bethel; and while he was going up on the way, some small boys came out of the city and jeered at him, saying, "Go away, baldhead! Go away, baldhead!" When he turned around and saw them, he cursed them in the name of the Lord. The two she-bears came out of the woods and mauled forty-two of the boys.	II Kings 2:23-24
The book of Joshua tells a powerful tale of conquest, supported by a God who showed no respect for most of the Holy Land’s existing inhabitants. Even now the tale has not lost its power, but it is not history and it never was.	Robin Lane Fox
Modern astronomy tells us that the earth is a sphere, that it rotates round its axis every once every twenty four hours, that it circles round the sun once a year and that the stars are very large objects that are very far away from the earth.  The Bible, on the other hand, tells us that the earth is flat, that it is the sun that rotates round the earth and that stars are very small objects that can drop down to earth should there be a powerful earthquake. Where is the truth in these Biblical utterances?	Paul Tobin
A modern god, knowing the distance even to the nearest star would laugh at such an enterprise[building the tower of Babel], but the Yahweh of 920 BCE could hardly be blamed for being as ignorant as his biographer.	William Harwood
It has always been the prerogative of children and half-wits to point out that the emperor has no clothes. But the half-wit remains a half-wit, and the emperor remains an emperor.	Neil Gaiman
The Army has carried the American ... ideal to its logical conclusion. Not only do they prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, creed and color, but also on ability	Tom Lehrer
Of course I like women. Historically, man has always been attracted to Evil	Timothy McClanahan
The conversion of Paul was no conversion at all: it was Paul who converted the religion that has raised one man above sin and death into a religion that delivered millions of men so completely into their dominion that their own common nature became a horror to them, and the religious life became a denial of life.	George Bernhard Shaw
When we are talking about war, we are really talking about peace.	George W Bush
If there’s a glib, nutshell synopsis for why Linux desktop software tends to suck, it’s this: [Eric] Raymond and his ilk have no respect for anyone but themselves.	John Gruber
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong.	Bertrand Russel
The internal contradictions in the bible is like a giant herd of huge pink elephants in the middle of the room that the christians pretend to ignore
Hell is an outrage against humanity...Every step which intelligence has made in Europe from the edge of darkness has been in spite of the church	Victor Hugo
If religious people are so happy, why do they pray so much?
Religions die when they are proved to be true. Science is the record of dead religions	Oscar Wilde
Truth is the poison of religion. When it is discovered religion dies.  Truth is the food of science. When it is ingested, science evolves.	Zak Woodruff
What ever knowledge is attainable must be attainable by scientific methods; and what science cannot discover, mankind cannot know.	Bertrand Russell
God is not dead but alive and well and working on a much less ambitious project.
Do not do unto others as you would that they should do unto you. Their tastes may not be the same.
(For (Bob's (sake (quit (bashing (Lisp!)))))) ((((((It's) a) wonderful) language) and) all) other) languages) ((would) ((be) (happy))) (to be) (((just) like) it)(!)	RLW(Slashdot post)
(map (quit reader (bash reader LISP)) (for sake Bob)) (and (is it (fill language wonder)) (become (just-like LISP (subtract all-languages LISP)) happy))	Valdrax(Slashdot post)
Homer: Not a bear in sight.  The Bear Patrol must be working like a charm. Lisa: That's spacious reasoning, Dad. H: Thank you, dear. L: By your logic I could claim that this rock keeps tigers away. H: Oh, how does it work? L: It doesn't work. H: Uh-huh. L: It's just a stupid rock. H: Uh-huh. L: But I don't see any tigers around, do you? [Homer thinks of this, then pulls out some money] H: Lisa, I want to buy your rock.
You see, wire telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat.  You pull his tail in New York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles.  Do you understand this? And radio operates exactly the same way: you send signals here, they receive them there.  The only difference is that there is no cat.	Albert Einstein, when asked to describe radio
Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum viditur.
A bacchant lad asks a madam(as drachmas pass hands): 'what carnal acts can a man transact?' A gal can grab a man's balls and wank a man's shaft; a man can grasp a gal's bra and spank a gal's ass.	Christian Bök
The christian religion is essentially a racketeering business; God is selling you 'protection' from problems that he himself created.	Al Foo
Sit a few million monkeys down at typewriters; give them enough time (say a few hundred million years); and, supposedly, they will eventually write a physics book. Unfortunately, this seems to be the physics book used as a guide for Planet of the Apes.
As long as your code works, you shouldn't worry about these warnings.	Mattias Sjögren(MVP)	
There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum.	Arthur C Clarke
It is impossible to defeat an ignorant man in argument.	William G. McAdoo
[It's] time for the human race to enter the solar system.	Dan Quayle
Modern Unix is a catastrophe. It’s the “Un-Operating System”: unreliable, unintuitive, unforgiving, unhelpful, and underpowered. Little is more frustrating than trying to force Unix to do something useful and nontrivial. Modern Unix impedes progress in computer science, wastes billions of dollars, and destroys the common sense of many who seriously use it.	The Unix Hater's Handbook
In a previous job selling Lisp Machines, I was often asked about Unix. If the audience was not mixed gender, I would sometimes compare Unix to herpes—lots of people have it, nobody wants it, they got screwed when they got it, and if they could, they would get rid of it. There would be smiles, heads would nod, and that would usually end the discussion about Unix.	The Unix Hater's Handbook
In the early PDP-11 days, Unix programs had the following design parameters: Rule 1. It didn’t have to be good, or even correct, but: Rule 2. It had to be small. Thus the toolkit approach, and so forth. Of course, over time, computer hardware has become progressively more powerful: processors speed up, address spaces move from 16 to 32 bits, memory gets cheaper, and so forth. So Rule 2 has been relaxed.	The Unix Hater's Handbook
I think Unix and snowflakes are the only two classes of objects in the universe in which no two instances ever match exactly.	Noel Chiappa
Ken Thompson has an automobile which he helped design. Unlike most automobiles, it has neither speedometer, nor gas gauge, nor any of the other numerous idiot lights which plague the modern driver. Rather, if the driver makes a mistake, a giant “?” lights up in the center of the dashboard. “The experienced driver,” says Thompson, “will usually know what’s wrong.”
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions?	Scott Adams
Not having sendmail is like not having VD.	Ron Heiby, Former moderator, comp.newprod
The thing that gets me is that one of the arguments that landed Robert Morris, author of “the Internet Worm” in jail was all the sysadmins’ time his prank cost. Yet the author of sendmail is still walking around free without even a U (for Unixery) branded on his forehead.
X Windows is the Iran-Contra of graphical user interfaces: a tragedy of political compromises, entangled alliances, marketing hype, and just plain greed. X Windows is to memory as Ronald Reagan was to money. Years of “Voodoo Ergonomics” have resulted in an unprecedented memory deficit of gargantuan proportions. Divisive dependencies, distributed deadlocks, and partisan protocols have tightened gridlocks, aggravated race conditions, and promulgated double standards.	The UHHB
X was designed to run three programs: xterm, xload, and xclock. (The idea of a window manager was added as an afterthought, and it shows.) For the first few years of its development at MIT, these were, in fact, the only programs that ran under the window system. Notice that none of these programs have any semblance of a graphical user interface (except xclock), only one of these programs implements anything in the way of cut-andpaste (and then, only a single data type is supported), and none of them requires a particularly sophisticated approach to color management. Is it any wonder, then, that these are all areas in which modern X falls down?	The UHHB
Now put two 486 boxes side by side, one running Windows and one running Unix/Motif. Watch one crawl. Watch it wither. Watch it drop faster than the putsch in Russia. Motif can’t compete with the Macintosh OS or with DOS/Windows as a delivery platform.	The UHHB
After all, what better way is there to force users to upgrade their hardware than to give them X, where a single application can bog down the client, the server, and the network between them, simultaneously!	The UHHB
Obviously it is Allah’s will that I throw the Unix box out the window. I submit to the will of Allah.	David Chapman
It’s really sobering to think we live in a society that allows the people who design systems like xauth to vote, drive cars, own firearms, and reproduce.	Olin Shivers
Unfortunately, NeWS and NEXTSTEP were political failures because they suffer from the same two problems: oBNoXiOuS capitalization, and Amiga Persecution Attitude.	The UHHG
Today, the Unix equivalent of a power drill would have 20 dials and switches, come with a nonstandard plug, require the user to hand-wind the motor coil, and not accept 3/8" or 7/8" drill bits (though this would be documented in the BUGS section of its instruction manual).	The UHHG
The most horrifying thing about Unix is that, no matter how many times you hit yourself over the head with it, you never quite manage to lose consciousness. It just goes on and on.	Patrick Sobalvarro
Do not meddle in the affairs of Unix, for it is subtle and quick to core dump.
Reading the Unix kernel source is like walking down a dark alley. I suddenly stop and think ‘Oh no, I’m about to be mugged.’
We don't know what language engineers will be coding in in the year 2100. However, we do know that it will be called FORTRAN.
In fact, much of the inherent brain damage in Unix can be attributed to the C language. Unix’s kernel and all its utilities are written in C. The noted linguistic theorist Benjamin Whorf said that our language determines what concepts we can think. C has this effect on Unix; it prevents programmers from writing robust software by making such a thing unthinkable.	The UHHB
Q. Where did the names “C” and “C++” come from? A. They were grades.	Jerry Leichter
unix keeps me up for days at a time doing installs, reinstalls, reformats, reboots, and apparently taking particular joy in savaging my file systems at the end of day on friday. my girlfriend has left me (muttering “hacking is a dirty habit, unix is hacker crack”) and i’ve forgotten where my shift key lives. my expressions are no longer regular. despair is my companion. i’m begging you, help me. please.	Bruce Howard
Unix is computer-scientology, not computer science.	Dave Mankins
The term “Unix security” is, almost by definition, an oxymoron because the Unix operating system was not designed to be secure, except for the vulnerable and ill-designed root/rootless distinction. Security measures to thwart attack were an afterthought. Thus, when Unix is behaving as expected, it is not secure, and making Unix run “securely” means forcing it to do unnatural acts. It’s like the dancing dog at a circus, but not as funny — especially when it is your files that are being eaten by the dog.	The UHHB
A “securely run Unix system” is merely an accident waiting to happen. Put another way, the only secure Unix system is one with the power turned off.	The UHHB
Everyone has a right to a university degree in America, even if it's in Hamburger Technology.	Clive James
Unix Security sat on a wall. Unix Security had a great fall. All the king’s horses, And all the king’s men, Couldn’t get Security back together again	The UHHB
If you give a man a fish, he will eat for today. If you teach him to  fish, he'll understand why some people think golf is exciting.	P.G. Wodehouse
Dogs have owners. Cats have staff.
Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet.	Dave Barry
Ask not what you can do for your country. Ask what's for lunch.	Orson Welles
The preprocessor is not our friend.	Greg Hudson
The word 'politics' is derived from the word 'poly', meaning 'many', and the word 'ticks', meaning 'blood sucking parasites'.	Larry Hardiman
The prophets—these billy goats with long beards, cannot claim any intellectual or spiritual superiority. These billy goats pretend to come with a message from God, all the while exhausting themselves in spouting their lies, and imposing on the masses blind obedience to the "words of the master." The miracles of the prophets are impostures, based on trickery, or the stories regarding them are lies. The falseness of what all the prophets say is evident in the fact that they contradict one another: one affirms what the other denies, and yet each claims to be the sole depository of the truth; thus the New Testament contradicts the Torah, the Koran the New Testament.	Ar-Razi
As for the Koran, it is but an assorted mixture of "absurd and inconsistent fables," which has ridiculously been judged inimitable, when, in fact, its language, style, and its much vaunted "eloquence" are far from being faultless. Custom, tradition, and intellectual laziness lead men to follow their religious leaders blindly. Religions have been the sole cause of the bloody wars that have ravaged mankind. Religions have also been resolutely hostile to philosophical speculation and to scientific research. The so-called holy scriptures are worthless and have done more harm than good, whereas the "writings of the ancients like Plato, Aristotle, Euclid, and Hippocrates have rendered much greater service to humanity." 	Ar-Razi
 It is clear that in those days of the golden age of Islam, Islamic countries enjoyed a freedom and a level of secularization that has since been disappeared. And along with that, the glory of Islamic world also has ebbed. Islam can be used as an index of barbarity and backwardness. The more a country applies Islam, the more uncivilized and uncultured it becomes.  	Ar-Razi
Lawyers, I suppose, were children once.	Charles Lamb
"Though this be madness, yet there is method in 't."	Shakespeare, Hamlet(II, ii, 206)
Sometimes there's a point. This is not one of those times. 
Half of the American people have never read a newspaper. Half never voted for President. One hopes it is the same half.	Gore Vidal
Did you ever walk into a room and forget why you walked in? I think that's how dogs spend their lives.	Sue Murphy
How many Lovecraftian protagonists does it take to screw in a light bulb? Just one - but are you sure he should turn it on?	Frank L Baum
Cthulhu for President. Why vote for a lesser evil?
George Bush was not elected by a majority of the voters in the US. He was appointed by God.	 Lt. Gen. William Boykin, US Deputy undersecretary of Defence
As you journey through life take a minute every now and then to give a thought for the other fellow. He could be plotting something.	Hagar the Horrible
I've come to hate my own creation. Now I know how God feels.	Homer Simpson
The time not to become a father is eighteen years before a war.	E.B. White
Anybody who watches three games of football in a row should be declared brain dead.	Erma Brombeck
Cosmologists are often wrong, but never in doubt.	Lev Landau
About 20 percent of the bugs cause 80 percent of all errors, and — this is stunning to me — one percent of bugs cause half of all errors.	Steve Ballmer
When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President. Now I'm beginning to believe it.	Clarence Darrow
ABASEMENT, n. A decent and customary mental attitude in the presence of wealth of power. Peculiarly appropriate in an employee when addressing an employer.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ABATIS, n.  Rubbish in front of a fort, to prevent the rubbish outside from molesting the rubbish inside.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ABDICATION, n. An act whereby a sovereign attests his sense of the high temperature of the throne.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ABDOMEN, n.  The temple of the god Stomach, in whose worship, with sacrificial rights, all true men engage. From women this ancient faith commands but a stammering assent. They sometimes minister at the altar in a half-hearted and ineffective way, but true reverence for the one deity that men really adore they know not. If woman had a free hand in the world's marketing the race would become graminivorous.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ABILITY, n.  The natural equipment to accomplish some small part of the meaner ambitions distinguishing able men from dead ones. In the last analysis ability is commonly found to consist mainly in a high degree of solemnity. Perhaps, however, this impressive quality is rightly appraised; it is no easy task to be solemn.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ABNORMAL, adj.  Not conforming to standard. In matters of thought and conduct, to be independent is to be abnormal, to be abnormal is to be detested. Wherefore the lexicographer adviseth a striving toward the straiter [sic] resemblance of the Average Man than he hath to himself. Whoso attaineth thereto shall have peace, the prospect of death and the hope of Hell.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ABORIGINIES, n.  Persons of little worth found cumbering the soil of a newly discovered country. They soon cease to cumber; they fertilize.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ABRIDGE, v. t. To shorten.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ABRUPT, adj.  Sudden, without ceremony, like the arrival of a cannon- shot and the departure of the soldier whose interests are most affected by it. Dr. Samuel Johnson beautifully said of another author's ideas that they were "concatenated without abruption."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ABSCOND, v. i. To "move in a mysterious way," commonly with the property of another.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ABSENT, adj.  Peculiarly exposed to the tooth of detraction; vilifed; hopelessly in the wrong; superseded in the consideration and affection of another.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ABSENTEE, n.  A person with an income who has had the forethought to remove himself from the sphere of exaction.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ABSOLUTE, adj.  Independent, irresponsible. An absolute monarchy is one in which the sovereign does as he pleases so long as he pleases the assassins. Not many absolute monarchies are left, most of them having been replaced by limited monarchies, where the sovereign's power for evil (and for good) is greatly curtailed, and by republics, which are governed by chance.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ABSTAINER, n.  A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a pleasure. A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ABSURDITY, n.  A statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one's own opinion.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ACADEME, n.  An ancient school where morality and philosophy were taught.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ACADEMY, n.  [from ACADEME] A modern school where football is taught.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ACCIDENT, n.  An inevitable occurrence due to the action of immutable natural laws.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ACCOMPLICE, n.  One associated with another in a crime, having guilty knowledge and complicity, as an attorney who defends a criminal, knowing him guilty. This view of the attorney's position in the matter has not hitherto commanded the assent of attorneys, no one having offered them a fee for assenting.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ACCORD, n.  Harmony.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ACCORDION, n.  An instrument in harmony with the sentiments of an assassin.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ACCOUNTABILITY, n.  The mother of caution.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ACCUSE, v. t. To affirm another's guilt or unworth; most commonly as a justification of ourselves for having wronged him.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ACEPHALOUS, adj.  In the surprising condition of the Crusader who absently pulled at his forelock some hours after a Saracen scimitar had, unconsciously to him, passed through his neck, as related by de Joinville.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ACHIEVEMENT, n.  The death of endeavor and the birth of disgust.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ACKNOWLEDGE, v. t. To confess. Acknowledgement of one another's faults is the highest duty imposed by our love of truth.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ACQUAINTANCE, n.  A person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to. A degree of friendship called slight when its object is poor or obscure, and intimate when he is rich or famous.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ACTUALLY, adv.  Perhaps; possibly.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ADAGE, n.  Boned wisdom for weak teeth.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ADAMANT, n.  A mineral frequently found beneath a corset. Soluble in solicitate of gold.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ADDER, n.  A species of snake. So called from its habit of adding funeral outlays to the other expenses of living.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ADHERENT, n.  A follower who has not yet obtained all that he expects to get.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ADMINISTRATION, n.  An ingenious abstraction in politics, designed to receive the kicks and cuffs due to the premier or president. A man of straw, proof against bad-egging and dead-catting.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ADMIRAL, n.  That part of a war-ship which does the talking while the figure-head does the thinking.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ADMIRATION, n.  Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ADMONITION, n.  Gentle reproof, as with a meat-axe. Friendly warning.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ADORE, v. t. To venerate expectantly.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ADVICE, n.  The smallest current coin.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
AFFIANCED, pp.  Fitted with an ankle-ring for the ball-and-chain.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
AFFLICTION, n.  An acclimatizing process preparing the soul for another and bitter world.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
AFRICAN, n.  A nigger that votes our way.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
AGE, n.  That period of life in which we compound for the vices that we still cherish by reviling those that we have no longer the enterprise to commit.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
AGITATOR, n.  A statesman who shakes the fruit trees of his neighbors -- to dislodge the worms.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
AIM, n.  The task we set our wishes to.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
AIR, n.  A nutritious substance supplied by a bountiful Providence for the fattening of the poor.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ALDERMAN, n.  An ingenious criminal who covers his secret thieving with a pretence of open marauding.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ALIEN, n.  An American sovereign in his probationary state.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ALLAH, n.  The Mahometan Supreme Being, as distinguished from the Christian, Jewish, and so forth.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ALLEGIANCE, n.   This thing Allegiance, as I suppose,  Is a ring fitted in the subject's nose,  Whereby that organ is kept rightly pointed  To smell the sweetness of the Lord's anointed.  G.J.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ALLIANCE, n.  In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pockets that they cannot separately plunder a third.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ALLIGATOR, n.  The crocodile of America, superior in every detail to the crocodile of the effete monarchies of the Old World. Herodotus says the Indus is, with one exception, the only river that produces crocodiles, but they appear to have gone West and grown up with the other rivers. From the notches on his back the alligator is called a sawrian.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ALONE, adj.  In bad company.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ALTAR, n.  The place whereupon the priest formerly raveled out the small intestine of the sacrificial victim for purposes of divination and cooked its flesh for the gods. The word is now seldom used, except with reference to the sacrifice of their liberty and peace by a male and a female tool.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
AMBIDEXTROUS, adj.  Able to pick with equal skill a right-hand pocket or a left.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
AMBITION, n.  An overmastering desire to be vilified by enemies while living and made ridiculous by friends when dead.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
AMNESTY, n.  The state's magnanimity to those offenders whom it would be too expensive to punish.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ANOINT, v. t. To grease a king or other great functionary already sufficiently slippery.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ANTIPATHY, n.  The sentiment inspired by one's friend's friend.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
APHORISM, n.  Predigested wisdom.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
APOLOGIZE, v. i. To lay the foundation for a future offence.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
APOSTATE, n.  A leech who, having penetrated the shell of a turtle only to find that the creature has long been dead, deems it expedient to form a new attachment to a fresh turtle.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
APOTHECARY, n.  The physician's accomplice, undertaker's benefactor and grave worm's provider.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
APPEAL, v. t. In law, to put the dice into the box for another throw.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
APPETITE, n.  An instinct thoughtfully implanted by Providence as a solution to the labor question.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
APPLAUSE, n.  The echo of a platitude.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FOOL, n.  The March fool with another month added to his folly.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ARCHBISHOP, n.  An ecclesiastical dignitary one point holier than a bishop.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ARCHITECT, n.  One who drafts a plan of your house, and plans a draft of your money.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ARDOR, n.  The quality that distinguishes love without knowledge.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ARENA, n.  In politics, an imaginary rat-pit in which the statesman wrestles with his record.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ARISTOCRACY, n.  Government by the best men. (In this sense the word is obsolete; so is that kind of government.) Fellows that wear downy hats and clean shirts -- guilty of education and suspected of bank accounts.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ARMOR, n.  The kind of clothing worn by a man whose tailor is a blacksmith.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ARRAYED, pp.  Drawn up and given an orderly disposition, as a rioter hanged to a lamppost.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ARREST, v. t. Formally to detain one accused of unusualness.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ARSENIC, n.  A kind of cosmetic greatly affected by the ladies, whom it greatly affects in turn.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ART, n.  This word has no definition. Its origin is related as follows by the ingenious Father Gassalasca Jape, S.J.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ARTLESSNESS, n.  A certain engaging quality to which women attain by long study and severe practice upon the admiring male, who is pleased to fancy it resembles the candid simplicity of his young.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ASPERSE, v. t. Maliciously to ascribe to another vicious actions which one has not had the temptation and opportunity to commit.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ASS, n.  A public singer with a good voice but no ear. In Virginia City, Nevada, he is called the Washoe Canary, in Dakota, the Senator, and everywhere the Donkey. The animal is widely and variously celebrated in the literature, art and religion of every age and country; no other so engages and fires the human imagination as this noble vertebrate. Indeed, it is doubted by some (Ramasilus, lib. II., De Clem., and C. Stantatus, De Temperamente) if it is not a god; and as such we know it was worshiped by the Etruscans, and, if we may believe Macrobious, by the Cupasians also. Of the only two animals admitted into the Mahometan Paradise along with the souls of men, the ass that carried Balaam is one, the dog of the Seven Sleepers the other. This is no small distinction. From what has been written about this beast might be compiled a library of great splendor and magnitude, rivalling that of the Shakespearean cult, and that which clusters about the Bible. It may be said, generally, that all literature is more or less Asinine.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
AUCTIONEER, n.  The man who proclaims with a hammer that he has picked a pocket with his tongue.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
AUSTRALIA, n.  A country lying in the South Sea, whose industrial and commercial development has been unspeakably retarded by an unfortunate dispute among geographers as to whether it is a continent or an island.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
AVERNUS, n.  The lake by which the ancients entered the infernal regions. The fact that access to the infernal regions was obtained by a lake is believed by the learned Marcus Ansello Scrutator to have suggested the Christian rite of baptism by immersion. This, however, has been shown by Lactantius to be an error.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BAAL, n.  An old deity formerly much worshiped under various names. As Baal he was popular with the Phoenicians; as Belus or Bel he had the honor to be served by the priest Berosus, who wrote the famous account of the Deluge; as Babel he had a tower partly erected to his glory on the Plain of Shinar. From Babel comes our English word "babble." Under whatever name worshiped, Baal is the Sun-god. As Beelzebub he is the god of flies, which are begotten of the sun's rays on the stagnant water. In Physicia Baal is still worshiped as Bolus, and as Belly he is adored and served with abundant sacrifice by the priests of Guttledom.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BABE, or. BABY, n. A misshapen creature of no particular age, sex, or condition, chiefly remarkable for the violence of the sympathies and antipathies it excites in others, itself without sentiment or emotion. There have been famous babes; for example, little Moses, from whose adventure in the bulrushes the Egyptian hierophants of seven centuries before doubtless derived their idle tale of the child Osiris being preserved on a floating lotus leaf.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BACCHUS, n.  A convenient deity invented by the ancients as an excuse for getting drunk.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BACK, n.  That part of your friend which it is your privilege to contemplate in your adversity.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BACKBITE, v. t. To speak of a man as you find him when he can't find you.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BAIT, n.  A preparation that renders the hook more palatable. The best kind is beauty.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BAPTISM, n.  A sacred rite of such efficacy that he who finds himself in heaven without having undergone it will be unhappy forever. It is performed with water in two ways -- by immersion, or plunging, and by aspersion, or sprinkling.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BAROMETER, n.  An ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather we are having.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BARRACK, n.  A house in which soldiers enjoy a portion of that of which it is their business to deprive others.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BASILISK, n.  The cockatrice. A sort of serpent hatched form the egg of a cock. The basilisk had a bad eye, and its glance was fatal. Many infidels deny this creature's existence, but Semprello Aurator saw and handled one that had been blinded by lightning as a punishment for having fatally gazed on a lady of rank whom Jupiter loved. Juno afterward restored the reptile's sight and hid it in a cave. Nothing is so well attested by the ancients as the existence of the basilisk, but the cocks have stopped laying.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BASTINADO, n.  The act of walking on wood without exertion.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BATH, n.  A kind of mystic ceremony substituted for religious worship, with what spiritual efficacy has not been determined.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BATTLE, n.  A method of untying with the teeth of a political knot that would not yield to the tongue.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BEARD, n.  The hair that is commonly cut off by those who justly execrate the absurd Chinese custom of shaving the head.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BEAUTY, n.  The power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BEFRIEND, v. t. To make an ingrate.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BEG, v.  To ask for something with an earnestness proportioned to the belief that it will not be given.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BEGGAR, n.  One who has relied on the assistance of his friends.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BEHAVIOR, n.  Conduct, as determined, not by principle, but by breeding. The word seems to be somewhat loosely used in Dr. Jamrach Holobom's translation of the following lines from the Dies Irae:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BELLADONNA, n.  In Italian a beautiful lady; in English a deadly poison. A striking example of the essential identity of the two tongues.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BENEDICTINES, n.  An order of monks otherwise known as black friars.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BENEFACTOR, n.  One who makes heavy purchases of ingratitude, without, however, materially affecting the price, which is still within the means of all.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BIGAMY, n.  A mistake in taste for which the wisdom of the future will adjudge a punishment called trigamy.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BIGOT, n.  One who is obstinately and zealously attached to an opinion that you do not entertain.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BILLINGSGATE, n.  The invective of an opponent.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BIRTH, n.  The first and direst of all disasters. As to the nature of it there appears to be no uniformity. Castor and Pollux were born from the egg. Pallas came out of a skull. Galatea was once a block of stone. Peresilis, who wrote in the tenth century, avers that he grew up out of the ground where a priest had spilled holy water. It is known that Arimaxus was derived from a hole in the earth, made by a stroke of lightning. Leucomedon was the son of a cavern in Mount Aetna, and I have myself seen a man come out of a wine cellar.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BLACKGUARD, n.  A man whose qualities, prepared for display like a box of berries in a market -- the fine ones on top -- have been opened on the wrong side. An inverted gentleman.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BONDSMAN, n.  A fool who, having property of his own, undertakes to become responsible for that entrusted to another to a third. Philippe of Orleans wishing to appoint one of his favorites, a dissolute nobleman, to a high office, asked him what security he would be able to give. "I need no bondsmen," he replied, "for I can give you my word of honor." "And pray what may be the value of that?" inquired the amused Regent. "Monsieur, it is worth its weight in gold."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BORE, n.  A person who talks when you wish him to listen.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BOTANY, n.  The science of vegetables -- those that are not good to eat, as well as those that are. It deals largely with their flowers, which are commonly badly designed, inartistic in color, and ill- smelling.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BOUNDARY, n.  In political geography, an imaginary line between two nations, separating the imaginary rights of one from the imaginary rights of the other.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BOUNTY, n.  The liberality of one who has much, in permitting one who has nothing to get all that he can.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BRAHMA, n.  He who created the Hindoos, who are preserved by Vishnu and destroyed by Siva -- a rather neater division of labor than is found among the deities of some other nations. The Abracadabranese, for example, are created by Sin, maintained by Theft and destroyed by Folly. The priests of Brahma, like those of Abracadabranese, are holy and learned men who are never naughty.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BRAIN, n.  An apparatus with which we think what we think. That which distinguishes the man who is content to be something from the man who wishes to do something. A man of great wealth, or one who has been pitchforked into high station, has commonly such a headful of brain that his neighbors cannot keep their hats on. In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, brain is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BRANDY, n.  A cordial composed of one part thunder-and-lightning, one part remorse, two parts bloody murder, one part death-hell-and-the- grave and four parts clarified Satan. Dose, a headful all the time. Brandy is said by Dr. Johnson to be the drink of heroes. Only a hero will venture to drink it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BRIDE, n.  A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BRUTE, n.  See HUSBAND.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DAMN, v.  A word formerly much used by the Paphlagonians, the meaning of which is lost. By the learned Dr. Dolabelly Gak it is believed to have been a term of satisfaction, implying the highest possible degree of mental tranquillity. Professor Groke, on the contrary, thinks it expressed an emotion of tumultuous delight, because it so frequently occurs in combination with the word jod or god, meaning "joy." It would be with great diffidence that I should advance an opinion conflicting with that of either of these formidable authorities.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DANCE, v. i. To leap about to the sound of tittering music, preferably with arms about your neighbor's wife or daughter. There are many kinds of dances, but all those requiring the participation of the two sexes have two characteristics in common: they are conspicuously innocent, and warmly loved by the vicious.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DANGER, n.   A savage beast which, when it sleeps,  Man girds at and despises,  But takes himself away by leaps  And bounds when it arises.  Ambat Delaso	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DARING, n.  One of the most conspicuous qualities of a man in security.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DATARY, n.  A high ecclesiastic official of the Roman Catholic Church, whose important function is to brand the Pope's bulls with the words Datum Romae. He enjoys a princely revenue and the friendship of God.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DAWN, n.  The time when men of reason go to bed. Certain old men prefer to rise at about that time, taking a cold bath and a long walk with an empty stomach, and otherwise mortifying the flesh. They then point with pride to these practices as the cause of their sturdy health and ripe years; the truth being that they are hearty and old, not because of their habits, but in spite of them. The reason we find only robust persons doing this thing is that it has killed all the others who have tried it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DAY, n.  A period of twenty-four hours, mostly misspent. This period is divided into two parts, the day proper and the night, or day improper -- the former devoted to sins of business, the latter consecrated to the other sort. These two kinds of social activity overlap.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DEAD, adj.   Done with the work of breathing; done  With all the world; the mad race run  Though to the end; the golden goal  Attained and found to be a hole!  Squatol Johnes	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DEBAUCHEE, n.  One who has so earnestly pursued pleasure that he has had the misfortune to overtake it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DEBT, n.  An ingenious substitute for the chain and whip of the slave- driver.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DECALOGUE, n.  A series of commandments, ten in number -- just enough to permit an intelligent selection for observance, but not enough to embarrass the choice. Following is the revised edition of the Decalogue, calculated for this meridian.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DECIDE, v. i. To succumb to the preponderance of one set of influences over another set.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DEFAME, v. t. To lie about another. To tell the truth about another.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DEFENCELESS, adj.  Unable to attack.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DEGENERATE, adj.  Less conspicuously admirable than one's ancestors. The contemporaries of Homer were striking examples of degeneracy; it required ten of them to raise a rock or a riot that one of the heroes of the Trojan war could have raised with ease. Homer never tires of sneering at "men who live in these degenerate days," which is perhaps why they suffered him to beg his bread -- a marked instance of returning good for evil, by the way, for if they had forbidden him he would certainly have starved.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DEGRADATION, n.  One of the stages of moral and social progress from private station to political preferment.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DEINOTHERIUM, n.  An extinct pachyderm that flourished when the Pterodactyl was in fashion. The latter was a native of Ireland, its name being pronounced Terry Dactyl or Peter O'Dactyl, as the man pronouncing it may chance to have heard it spoken or seen it printed.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DEJEUNER, n.  The breakfast of an American who has been in Paris. Variously pronounced.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DELEGATION, n.  In American politics, an article of merchandise that comes in sets.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DELIBERATION, n.  The act of examining one's bread to determine which side it is buttered on.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DELUGE, n.  A notable first experiment in baptism which washed away the sins (and sinners) of the world.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DELUSION, n.  The father of a most respectable family, comprising Enthusiasm, Affection, Self-denial, Faith, Hope, Charity and many other goodly sons and daughters.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DENTIST, n.  A prestidigitator who, putting metal into your mouth, pulls coins out of your pocket.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DEPENDENT, adj.  Reliant upon another's generosity for the support which you are not in a position to exact from his fears.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DEPUTY, n.  A male relative of an office-holder, or of his bondsman. The deputy is commonly a beautiful young man, with a red necktie and an intricate system of cobwebs extending from his nose to his desk. When accidentally struck by the janitor's broom, he gives off a cloud of dust.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DESTINY, n.  A tyrant's authority for crime and fool's excuse for failure.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DIAGNOSIS, n.  A physician's forecast of the disease by the patient's pulse and purse.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DIAPHRAGM, n.  A muscular partition separating disorders of the chest from disorders of the bowels.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DIARY, n.  A daily record of that part of one's life, which he can relate to himself without blushing.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DICTATOR, n.  The chief of a nation that prefers the pestilence of despotism to the plague of anarchy.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DICTIONARY, n.  A malevolent literary device for cramping the growth of a language and making it hard and inelastic. This dictionary, however, is a most useful work.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DIE, n.  The singular of "dice." We seldom hear the word, because there is a prohibitory proverb, "Never say die." At long intervals, however, some one says: "The die is cast," which is not true, for it is cut. The word is found in an immortal couplet by that eminent poet and domestic economist, Senator Depew:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DIGESTION, n.  The conversion of victuals into virtues. When the process is imperfect, vices are evolved instead -- a circumstance from which that wicked writer, Dr. Jeremiah Blenn, infers that the ladies are the greater sufferers from dyspepsia.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DIPLOMACY, n.  The patriotic art of lying for one's country.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DISABUSE, v. t. The present your neighbor with another and better error than the one which he has deemed it advantageous to embrace.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DISCRIMINATE, v. i. To note the particulars in which one person or thing is, if possible, more objectionable than another.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DISCUSSION, n.  A method of confirming others in their errors.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DISOBEDIENCE, n.  The silver lining to the cloud of servitude.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DISOBEY, v. t. To celebrate with an appropriate ceremony the maturity of a command.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DISSEMBLE, v. i. To put a clean shirt upon the character.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DISTANCE, n.  The only thing that the rich are willing for the poor to call theirs, and keep.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DISTRESS, n.  A disease incurred by exposure to the prosperity of a friend.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DIVINATION, n.  The art of nosing out the occult. Divination is of as many kinds as there are fruit-bearing varieties of the flowering dunce and the early fool.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DOG, n.  A kind of additional or subsidiary Deity designed to catch the overflow and surplus of the world's worship. This Divine Being in some of his smaller and silkier incarnations takes, in the affection of Woman, the place to which there is no human male aspirant. The Dog is a survival -- an anachronism. He toils not, neither does he spin, yet Solomon in all his glory never lay upon a door-mat all day long, sun-soaked and fly-fed and fat, while his master worked for the means wherewith to purchase the idle wag of the Solomonic tail, seasoned with a look of tolerant recognition.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DRAGOON, n.  A soldier who combines dash and steadiness in so equal measure that he makes his advances on foot and his retreats on horseback.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DRAMATIST, n.  One who adapts plays from the French.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DRUIDS, n.  Priests and ministers of an ancient Celtic religion which did not disdain to employ the humble allurement of human sacrifice. Very little is now known about the Druids and their faith. Pliny says their religion, originating in Britain, spread eastward as far as Persia. Caesar says those who desired to study its mysteries went to Britain. Caesar himself went to Britain, but does not appear to have obtained any high preferment in the Druidical Church, although his talent for human sacrifice was considerable. Druids performed their religious rites in groves, and knew nothing of church mortgages and the season-ticket system of pew rents. They were, in short, heathens and -- as they were once complacently catalogued by a distinguished prelate of the Church of England -- Dissenters.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DUEL, n.  A formal ceremony preliminary to the reconciliation of two enemies. Great skill is necessary to its satisfactory observance; if awkwardly performed the most unexpected and deplorable consequences sometimes ensue. A long time ago a man lost his life in a duel.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DUTY, n.  That which sternly impels us in the direction of profit, along the line of desire.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EAT, v. i. To perform successively (and successfully) the functions of mastication, humectation, and deglutition. "I was in the drawing-room, enjoying my dinner," said Brillat- Savarin, beginning an anecdote. "What!" interrupted Rochebriant; "eating dinner in a drawing-room?" "I must beg you to observe, monsieur," explained the great gastronome, "that I did not say I was eating my dinner, but enjoying it. I had dined an hour before."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EAVESDROP, v. i. Secretly to overhear a catalogue of the crimes and vices of another or yourself.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ECCENTRICITY, n.  A method of distinction so cheap that fools employ it to accentuate their incapacity.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ECONOMY, n.  Purchasing the barrel of whiskey that you do not need for the price of the cow that you cannot afford.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EDIBLE, adj.  Good to eat, and wholesome to digest, as a worm to a toad, a toad to a snake, a snake to a pig, a pig to a man, and a man to a worm.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EDITOR, n.  A person who combines the judicial functions of Minos, Rhadamanthus and Aeacus, but is placable with an obolus; a severely virtuous censor, but so charitable withal that he tolerates the virtues of others and the vices of himself; who flings about him the splintering lightning and sturdy thunders of admonition till he resembles a bunch of firecrackers petulantly uttering his mind at the tail of a dog; then straightway murmurs a mild, melodious lay, soft as the cooing of a donkey intoning its prayer to the evening star. Master of mysteries and lord of law, high-pinnacled upon the throne of thought, his face suffused with the dim splendors of the Transfiguration, his legs intertwisted and his tongue a-cheek, the editor spills his will along the paper and cuts it off in lengths to suit. And at intervals from behind the veil of the temple is heard the voice of the foreman demanding three inches of wit and six lines of religious meditation, or bidding him turn off the wisdom and whack up some pathos.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EDUCATION, n.  That which discloses to the wise and disguises from the foolish their lack of understanding.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EFFECT, n.  The second of two phenomena which always occur together in the same order. The first, called a Cause, is said to generate the other -- which is no more sensible than it would be for one who has never seen a dog except in the pursuit of a rabbit to declare the rabbit the cause of a dog.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EGOTIST, n.  A person of low taste, more interested in himself than in me.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EJECTION, n.  An approved remedy for the disease of garrulity. It is also much used in cases of extreme poverty.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ELECTOR, n.  One who enjoys the sacred privilege of voting for the man of another man's choice.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ELECTRICITY, n.  The power that causes all natural phenomena not known to be caused by something else. It is the same thing as lightning, and its famous attempt to strike Dr. Franklin is one of the most picturesque incidents in that great and good man's career. The memory of Dr. Franklin is justly held in great reverence, particularly in France, where a waxen effigy of him was recently on exhibition, bearing the following touching account of his life and services to science:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ELEGY, n.  A composition in verse, in which, without employing any of the methods of humor, the writer aims to produce in the reader's mind the dampest kind of dejection. The most famous English example begins somewhat like this:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ELOQUENCE, n.  The art of orally persuading fools that white is the color that it appears to be. It includes the gift of making any color appear white.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ELYSIUM, n.  An imaginary delightful country which the ancients foolishly believed to be inhabited by the spirits of the good. This ridiculous and mischievous fable was swept off the face of the earth by the early Christians -- may their souls be happy in Heaven!	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EMANCIPATION, n.  A bondman's change from the tyranny of another to the despotism of himself.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EMBALM, v. i. To cheat vegetation by locking up the gases upon which it feeds. By embalming their dead and thereby deranging the natural balance between animal and vegetable life, the Egyptians made their once fertile and populous country barren and incapable of supporting more than a meagre crew. The modern metallic burial casket is a step in the same direction, and many a dead man who ought now to be ornamenting his neighbor's lawn as a tree, or enriching his table as a bunch of radishes, is doomed to a long inutility. We shall get him after awhile if we are spared, but in the meantime the violet and rose are languishing for a nibble at his glutoeus maximus.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EMOTION, n.  A prostrating disease caused by a determination of the heart to the head. It is sometimes accompanied by a copious discharge of hydrated chloride of sodium from the eyes.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ENCOMIAST, n.  A special (but not particular) kind of liar.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
END, n.  The position farthest removed on either hand from the Interlocutor.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ENOUGH, pro.  All there is in the world if you like it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ENTERTAINMENT, n.  Any kind of amusement whose inroads stop short of death by injection.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ENTHUSIASM, n.  A distemper of youth, curable by small doses of repentance in connection with outward applications of experience. Byron, who recovered long enough to call it "entuzy-muzy," had a relapse, which carried him off -- to Missolonghi.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ENVELOPE, n.  The coffin of a document; the scabbard of a bill; the husk of a remittance; the bed-gown of a love-letter.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ENVY, n.  Emulation adapted to the meanest capacity.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EPAULET, n.  An ornamented badge, serving to distinguish a military officer from the enemy -- that is to say, from the officer of lower rank to whom his death would give promotion.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EPICURE, n.  An opponent of Epicurus, an abstemious philosopher who, holding that pleasure should be the chief aim of man, wasted no time in gratification from the senses.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EPIGRAM, n.  A short, sharp saying in prose or verse, frequently characterize by acidity or acerbity and sometimes by wisdom. Following are some of the more notable epigrams of the learned and ingenious Dr. Jamrach Holobom:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EPITAPH, n.  An inscription on a tomb, showing that virtues acquired by death have a retroactive effect. Following is a touching example:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ERUDITION, n.  Dust shaken out of a book into an empty skull.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ESOTERIC, adj.  Very particularly abstruse and consummately occult. The ancient philosophies were of two kinds, -- exoteric, those that the philosophers themselves could partly understand, and esoteric, those that nobody could understand. It is the latter that have most profoundly affected modern thought and found greatest acceptance in our time.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ETHNOLOGY, n.  The science that treats of the various tribes of Man, as robbers, thieves, swindlers, dunces, lunatics, idiots and ethnologists.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EUCHARIST, n.  A sacred feast of the religious sect of Theophagi. A dispute once unhappily arose among the members of this sect as to what it was that they ate. In this controversy some five hundred thousand have already been slain, and the question is still unsettled.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EULOGY, n.  Praise of a person who has either the advantages of wealth and power, or the consideration to be dead.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EVANGELIST, n.  A bearer of good tidings, particularly (in a religious sense) such as assure us of our own salvation and the damnation of our neighbors.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EVERLASTING, adj.  Lasting forever. It is with no small diffidence that I venture to offer this brief and elementary definition, for I am not unaware of the existence of a bulky volume by a sometime Bishop of Worcester, entitled, A Partial Definition of the Word "Everlasting,"  as Used in the Authorized Version of the Holy Scriptures. His book was once esteemed of great authority in the Anglican Church, and is still, I understand, studied with pleasure to the mind and profit of the soul.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EXCEPTION, n.  A thing which takes the liberty to differ from other things of its class, as an honest man, a truthful woman, etc. "The exception proves the rule" is an expression constantly upon the lips of the ignorant, who parrot it from one another with never a thought of its absurdity. In the Latin, "Exceptio probat regulam" means that the exception tests the rule, puts it to the proof, not confirms it. The malefactor who drew the meaning from this excellent dictum and substituted a contrary one of his own exerted an evil power which appears to be immortal.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EXCESS, n.  In morals, an indulgence that enforces by appropriate penalties the law of moderation.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EXCOMMUNICATION, n.   This "excommunication" is a word  In speech ecclesiastical oft heard,  And means the damning, with bell, book and candle,  Some sinner whose opinions are a scandal --  A rite permitting Satan to enslave him  Forever, and forbidding Christ to save him.  Gat Huckle	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EXECUTIVE, n.  An officer of the Government, whose duty it is to enforce the wishes of the legislative power until such time as the judicial department shall be pleased to pronounce them invalid and of no effect. Following is an extract from an old book entitled, The  Lunarian Astonished -- Pfeiffer &amp; Co., Boston, 1803:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EXHORT, v. t. In religious affairs, to put the conscience of another upon the spit and roast it to a nut-brown discomfort.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EXILE, n.  One who serves his country by residing abroad, yet is not an ambassador. An English sea-captain being asked if he had read "The Exile of Erin," replied: "No, sir, but I should like to anchor on it." Years afterwards, when he had been hanged as a pirate after a career of unparalleled atrocities, the following memorandum was found in the ship's log that he had kept at the time of his reply:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EXISTENCE, n.   A transient, horrible, fantastic dream,  Wherein is nothing yet all things do seem:  From which we're wakened by a friendly nudge  Of our bedfellow Death, and cry: "O fudge!"	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EXPERIENCE, n.  The wisdom that enables us to recognize as an undesirable old acquaintance the folly that we have already embraced.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EXPOSTULATION, n.  One of the many methods by which fools prefer to lose their friends.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EXTINCTION, n.  The raw material out of which theology created the future state.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FAIRY, n.  A creature, variously fashioned and endowed, that formerly inhabited the meadows and forests. It was nocturnal in its habits, and somewhat addicted to dancing and the theft of children. The fairies are now believed by naturalist to be extinct, though a clergyman of the Church of England saw three near Colchester as lately as 1855, while passing through a park after dining with the lord of the manor. The sight greatly staggered him, and he was so affected that his account of it was incoherent. In the year 1807 a troop of fairies visited a wood near Aix and carried off the daughter of a peasant, who had been seen to enter it with a bundle of clothing. The son of a wealthy bourgeois disappeared about the same time, but afterward returned. He had seen the abduction been in pursuit of the fairies. Justinian Gaux, a writer of the fourteenth century, avers that so great is the fairies' power of transformation that he saw one change itself into two opposing armies and fight a battle with great slaughter, and that the next day, after it had resumed its original shape and gone away, there were seven hundred bodies of the slain which the villagers had to bury. He does not say if any of the wounded recovered. In the time of Henry III, of England, a law was made which prescribed the death penalty for "Kyllynge, wowndynge, or mamynge" a fairy, and it was universally respected.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FAITH, n.  Belief without evidence in what is told by one who speaks without knowledge, of things without parallel.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FAMOUS, adj.  Conspicuously miserable.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FASHION, n.  A despot whom the wise ridicule and obey.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FEAST, n.  A festival. A religious celebration usually signalized by gluttony and drunkenness, frequently in honor of some holy person distinguished for abstemiousness. In the Roman Catholic Church feasts are "movable" and "immovable," but the celebrants are uniformly immovable until they are full. In their earliest development these entertainments took the form of feasts for the dead; such were held by the Greeks, under the name Nemeseia, by the Aztecs and Peruvians, as in modern times they are popular with the Chinese; though it is believed that the ancient dead, like the modern, were light eaters. Among the many feasts of the Romans was the Novemdiale, which was held, according to Livy, whenever stones fell from heaven.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FELON, n.  A person of greater enterprise than discretion, who in embracing an opportunity has formed an unfortunate attachment.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FEMALE, n.  One of the opposing, or unfair, sex.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FIB, n.  A lie that has not cut its teeth. An habitual liar's nearest approach to truth: the perigee of his eccentric orbit.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FICKLENESS, n.  The iterated satiety of an enterprising affection.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FIDDLE, n.  An instrument to tickle human ears by friction of a horse's tail on the entrails of a cat.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FIDELITY, n.  A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FINANCE, n.  The art or science of managing revenues and resources for the best advantage of the manager. The pronunciation of this word with the i long and the accent on the first syllable is one of America's most precious discoveries and possessions.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FLAG, n.  A colored rag borne above troops and hoisted on forts and ships. It appears to serve the same purpose as certain signs that one sees and vacant lots in London -- "Rubbish may be shot here."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FLESH, n.  The Second Person of the secular Trinity.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FLOP, v.  Suddenly to change one's opinions and go over to another party. The most notable flop on record was that of Saul of Tarsus, who has been severely criticised as a turn-coat by some of our partisan journals.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FOLLY, n.  That "gift and faculty divine" whose creative and controlling energy inspires Man's mind, guides his actions and adorns his life.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FOOL, n.  A person who pervades the domain of intellectual speculation and diffuses himself through the channels of moral activity.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FORCE, n.   "Force is but might," the teacher said --  "That definition's just."  The boy said naught but through instead,  Remembering his pounded head:  "Force is not might but must!"	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FOREFINGER, n.  The finger commonly used in pointing out two malefactors.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FOREORDINATION, n.  This looks like an easy word to define, but when I consider that pious and learned theologians have spent long lives in explaining it, and written libraries to explain their explanations; when I remember the nations have been divided and bloody battles caused by the difference between foreordination and predestination, and that millions of treasure have been expended in the effort to prove and disprove its compatibility with freedom of the will and the efficacy of prayer, praise, and a religious life, -- recalling these awful facts in the history of the word, I stand appalled before the mighty problem of its signification, abase my spiritual eyes, fearing to contemplate its portentous magnitude, reverently uncover and humbly refer it to His Eminence Cardinal Gibbons and His Grace Bishop Potter.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FORGETFULNESS, n.  A gift of God bestowed upon doctors in compensation for their destitution of conscience.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FORK, n.  An instrument used chiefly for the purpose of putting dead animals into the mouth. Formerly the knife was employed for this purpose, and by many worthy persons is still thought to have many advantages over the other tool, which, however, they do not altogether reject, but use to assist in charging the knife. The immunity of these persons from swift and awful death is one of the most striking proofs of God's mercy to those that hate Him.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FRANKALMOIGNE, n.  The tenure by which a religious corporation holds lands on condition of praying for the soul of the donor. In mediaeval times many of the wealthiest fraternities obtained their estates in this simple and cheap manner, and once when Henry VIII of England sent an officer to confiscate certain vast possessions which a fraternity of monks held by frankalmoigne, "What!" said the Prior, "would you master stay our benefactor's soul in Purgatory?" "Ay," said the officer, coldly, "an ye will not pray him thence for naught he must e'en roast." "But look you, my son," persisted the good man, "this act hath rank as robbery of God!" "Nay, nay, good father, my master the king doth but deliver him from the manifold temptations of too great wealth."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FREEBOOTER, n.  A conqueror in a small way of business, whose annexations lack of the sanctifying merit of magnitude.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FREEDOM, n.  Exemption from the stress of authority in a beggarly half dozen of restraint's infinite multitude of methods. A political condition that every nation supposes itself to enjoy in virtual monopoly. Liberty. The distinction between freedom and liberty is not accurately known; naturalists have never been able to find a living specimen of either.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FREEMASONS, n.  An order with secret rites, grotesque ceremonies and fantastic costumes, which, originating in the reign of Charles II, among working artisans of London, has been joined successively by the dead of past centuries in unbroken retrogression until now it embraces all the generations of man on the hither side of Adam and is drumming up distinguished recruits among the pre-Creational inhabitants of Chaos and Formless Void. The order was founded at different times by Charlemagne, Julius Caesar, Cyrus, Solomon, Zoroaster, Confucious, Thothmes, and Buddha. Its emblems and symbols have been found in the Catacombs of Paris and Rome, on the stones of the Parthenon and the Chinese Great Wall, among the temples of Karnak and Palmyra and in the Egyptian Pyramids -- always by a Freemason.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FRIENDLESS, adj.  Having no favors to bestow. Destitute of fortune. Addicted to utterance of truth and common sense.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FRIENDSHIP, n.  A ship big enough to carry two in fair weather, but only one in foul.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FUNERAL, n.  A pageant whereby we attest our respect for the dead by enriching the undertaker, and strengthen our grief by an expenditure that deepens our groans and doubles our tears.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FUTURE, n.  That period of time in which our affairs prosper, our friends are true and our happiness is assured.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GALLOWS, n.  A stage for the performance of miracle plays, in which the leading actor is translated to heaven. In this country the gallows is chiefly remarkable for the number of persons who escape it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GARGOYLE, n.  A rain-spout projecting from the eaves of mediaeval buildings, commonly fashioned into a grotesque caricature of some personal enemy of the architect or owner of the building. This was especially the case in churches and ecclesiastical structures generally, in which the gargoyles presented a perfect rogues' gallery of local heretics and controversialists. Sometimes when a new dean and chapter were installed the old gargoyles were removed and others substituted having a closer relation to the private animosities of the new incumbents.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GARTHER, n.  An elastic band intended to keep a woman from coming out of her stockings and desolating the country.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GENEROUS, adj.  Originally this word meant noble by birth and was rightly applied to a great multitude of persons. It now means noble by nature and is taking a bit of a rest.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GENEALOGY, n.  An account of one's descent from an ancestor who did not particularly care to trace his own.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GENTEEL, adj.  Refined, after the fashion of a gent.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GEOGRAPHER, n.  A chap who can tell you offhand the difference between the outside of the world and the inside.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GEOLOGY, n.  The science of the earth's crust -- to which, doubtless, will be added that of its interior whenever a man shall come up garrulous out of a well. The geological formations of the globe already noted are catalogued thus: The Primary, or lower one, consists of rocks, bones or mired mules, gas-pipes, miners' tools, antique statues minus the nose, Spanish doubloons and ancestors. The Secondary is largely made up of red worms and moles. The Tertiary comprises railway tracks, patent pavements, grass, snakes, mouldy boots, beer bottles, tomato cans, intoxicated citizens, garbage, anarchists, snap-dogs and fools.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GHOST, n.  The outward and visible sign of an inward fear.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GLUTTON, n.  A person who escapes the evils of moderation by committing dyspepsia.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GNOME, n.  In North-European mythology, a dwarfish imp inhabiting the interior parts of the earth and having special custody of mineral treasures. Bjorsen, who died in 1765, says gnomes were common enough in the southern parts of Sweden in his boyhood, and he frequently saw them scampering on the hills in the evening twilight. Ludwig Binkerhoof saw three as recently as 1792, in the Black Forest, and Sneddeker avers that in 1803 they drove a party of miners out of a Silesian mine. Basing our computations upon data supplied by these statements, we find that the gnomes were probably extinct as early as 1764.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GNOSTICS, n.  A sect of philosophers who tried to engineer a fusion between the early Christians and the Platonists. The former would not go into the caucus and the combination failed, greatly to the chagrin of the fusion managers.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GNU, n.  An animal of South Africa, which in its domesticated state resembles a horse, a buffalo and a stag. In its wild condition it is something like a thunderbolt, an earthquake and a cyclone.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GOOD, adj.  Sensible, madam, to the worth of this present writer. Alive, sir, to the advantages of letting him alone.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GOOSE, n.  A bird that supplies quills for writing. These, by some occult process of nature, are penetrated and suffused with various degrees of the bird's intellectual energies and emotional character, so that when inked and drawn mechanically across paper by a person called an "author," there results a very fair and accurate transcript of the fowl's thought and feeling. The difference in geese, as discovered by this ingenious method, is considerable: many are found to have only trivial and insignificant powers, but some are seen to be very great geese indeed.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GORGON, n.   The Gorgon was a maiden bold  Who turned to stone the Greeks of old  That looked upon her awful brow.  We dig them out of ruins now,  And swear that workmanship so bad  Proves all the ancient sculptors mad.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GOUT, n.  A physician's name for the rheumatism of a rich patient.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GRACES, n.  Three beautiful goddesses, Aglaia, Thalia and Euphrosyne, who attended upon Venus, serving without salary. They were at no expense for board and clothing, for they ate nothing to speak of and dressed according to the weather, wearing whatever breeze happened to be blowing.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GRAMMAR, n.  A system of pitfalls thoughtfully prepared for the feet for the self-made man, along the path by which he advances to distinction.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GRAPE, n.   Hail noble fruit! -- by Homer sung,  Anacreon and Khayyam;  Thy praise is ever on the tongue  Of better men than I am.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GRAPESHOT, n.  An argument which the future is preparing in answer to the demands of American Socialism.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GRAVE, n.  A place in which the dead are laid to await the coming of the medical student.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GRAVITATION, n.  The tendency of all bodies to approach one another with a strength proportion to the quantity of matter they contain -- the quantity of matter they contain being ascertained by the strength of their tendency to approach one another. This is a lovely and edifying illustration of how science, having made A the proof of B, makes B the proof of A.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GREAT, adj.   "I'm great," the Lion said -- "I reign  The monarch of the wood and plain!"	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GUILLOTINE, n.  A machine which makes a Frenchman shrug his shoulders with good reason. In his great work on Divergent Lines of Racial Evolution, the learned Professor Brayfugle argues from the prevalence of this gesture -- the shrug -- among Frenchmen, that they are descended from turtles and it is simply a survival of the habit of retracing the head inside the shell. It is with reluctance that I differ with so eminent an authority, but in my judgment (as more elaborately set forth and enforced in my work entitled Hereditary Emotions -- lib. II, c. XI) the shrug is a poor foundation upon which to build so important a theory, for previously to the Revolution the gesture was unknown. I have not a doubt that it is directly referable to the terror inspired by the guillotine during the period of that instrument's activity.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GUNPOWDER, n.  An agency employed by civilized nations for the settlement of disputes which might become troublesome if left unadjusted. By most writers the invention of gunpowder is ascribed to the Chinese, but not upon very convincing evidence. Milton says it was invented by the devil to dispel angels with, and this opinion seems to derive some support from the scarcity of angels. Moreover, it has the hearty concurrence of the Hon. James Wilson, Secretary of Agriculture. Secretary Wilson became interested in gunpowder through an event that occurred on the Government experimental farm in the District of Columbia. One day, several years ago, a rogue imperfectly reverent of the Secretary's profound attainments and personal character presented him with a sack of gunpowder, representing it as the sed of the Flashawful flabbergastor, a Patagonian cereal of great commercial value, admirably adapted to this climate. The good Secretary was instructed to spill it along in a furrow and afterward inhume it with soil. This he at once proceeded to do, and had made a continuous line of it all the way across a ten-acre field, when he was made to look backward by a shout from the generous donor, who at once dropped a lighted match into the furrow at the starting-point. Contact with the earth had somewhat dampened the powder, but the startled functionary saw himself pursued by a tall moving pillar of fire and smoke and fierce evolution. He stood for a moment paralyzed and speechless, then he recollected an engagement and, dropping all, absented himself thence with such surprising celerity that to the eyes of spectators along the route selected he appeared like a long, dim streak prolonging itself with inconceivable rapidity through seven villages, and audibly refusing to be comforted. "Great Scott! what is that?" cried a surveyor's chainman, shading his eyes and gazing at the fading line of agriculturist which bisected his visible horizon. "That," said the surveyor, carelessly glancing at the phenomenon and again centering his attention upon his instrument, "is the Meridian of Washington."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ICHOR, n.  A fluid that serves the gods and goddesses in place of blood.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ICONOCLAST, n.  A breaker of idols, the worshipers whereof are imperfectly gratified by the performance, and most strenuously protest that he unbuildeth but doth not reedify, that he pulleth down but pileth not up. For the poor things would have other idols in place of those he thwacketh upon the mazzard and dispelleth. But the iconoclast saith: "Ye shall have none at all, for ye need them not; and if the rebuilder fooleth round hereabout, behold I will depress the head of him and sit thereon till he squawk it."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IDIOT, n.  A member of a large and powerful tribe whose influence in human affairs has always been dominant and controlling. The Idiot's activity is not confined to any special field of thought or action, but "pervades and regulates the whole." He has the last word in everything; his decision is unappealable. He sets the fashions and opinion of taste, dictates the limitations of speech and circumscribes conduct with a dead-line.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IDLENESS, n.  A model farm where the devil experiments with seeds of new sins and promotes the growth of staple vices.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IGNORAMUS, n.  A person unacquainted with certain kinds of knowledge familiar to yourself, and having certain other kinds that you know nothing about.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ILLUMINATI, n.  A sect of Spanish heretics of the latter part of the sixteenth century; so called because they were light weights -- cunctationes illuminati.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ILLUSTRIOUS, adj.  Suitably placed for the shafts of malice, envy and detraction.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IMAGINATION, n.  A warehouse of facts, with poet and liar in joint ownership.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IMBECILITY, n.  A kind of divine inspiration, or sacred fire affecting censorious critics of this dictionary.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IMMIGRANT, n.  An unenlightened person who thinks one country better than another.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IMMODEST, adj.  Having a strong sense of one's own merit, coupled with a feeble conception of worth in others.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IMMORAL, adj.  Inexpedient. Whatever in the long run and with regard to the greater number of instances men find to be generally inexpedient comes to be considered wrong, wicked, immoral. If man's notions of right and wrong have any other basis than this of expediency; if they originated, or could have originated, in any other way; if actions have in themselves a moral character apart from, and nowise dependent on, their consequences -- then all philosophy is a lie and reason a disorder of the mind.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IMMORTALITY, n.   A toy which people cry for,  And on their knees apply for,  Dispute, contend and lie for,  And if allowed  Would be right proud  Eternally to die for.  G.J.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IMPARTIAL, adj.  Unable to perceive any promise of personal advantage from espousing either side of a controversy or adopting either of two conflicting opinions.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IMPENITENCE, n.  A state of mind intermediate in point of time between sin and punishment.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IMPIETY, n.  Your irreverence toward my deity.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IMPOSITION, n.  The act of blessing or consecrating by the laying on of hands -- a ceremony common to many ecclesiastical systems, but performed with the frankest sincerity by the sect known as Thieves.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IMPOSTOR, n.  A rival aspirant to public honors.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IMPROBABILITY, n.   His tale he told with a solemn face  And a tender, melancholy grace.  Improbable 'twas, no doubt,  When you came to think it out,  But the fascinated crowd  Their deep surprise avowed  And all with a single voice averred  'Twas the most amazing thing they'd heard --  All save one who spake never a word,  But sat as mum  As if deaf and dumb,  Serene, indifferent and unstirred.  Then all the others turned to him  And scrutinized him limb from limb --  Scanned him alive;  But he seemed to thrive  And tranquiler grow each minute,  As if there were nothing in it.  "What! what!" cried one, "are you not amazed  At what our friend has told?" He raised  Soberly then his eyes and gazed  In a natural way  And proceeded to say,  As he crossed his feet on the mantel-shelf:  "O no -- not at all; I'm a liar myself."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IMPROVIDENCE, n.  Provision for the needs of to-day from the revenues of to-morrow.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IMPUNITY, n.  Wealth.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INAUSPICIOUSLY, adv.  In an unpromising manner, the auspices being unfavorable. Among the Romans it was customary before undertaking any important action or enterprise to obtain from the augurs, or state prophets, some hint of its probable outcome; and one of their favorite and most trustworthy modes of divination consisted in observing the flight of birds -- the omens thence derived being called auspices. Newspaper reporters and certain miscreant lexicographers have decided that the word -- always in the plural -- shall mean "patronage" or "management"; as, "The festivities were under the auspices of the Ancient and Honorable Order of Body-Snatchers"; or, "The hilarities were auspicated by the Knights of Hunger."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INCOMPATIBILITY, n.  In matrimony a similarity of tastes, particularly the taste for domination. Incompatibility may, however, consist of a meek-eyed matron living just around the corner. It has even been known to wear a moustache.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INCOMPOSSIBLE, adj.  Unable to exist if something else exists. Two things are incompossible when the world of being has scope enough for one of them, but not enough for both -- as Walt Whitman's poetry and God's mercy to man. Incompossibility, it will be seen, is only incompatibility let loose. Instead of such low language as "Go heel yourself -- I mean to kill you on sight," the words, "Sir, we are incompossible," would convey and equally significant intimation and in stately courtesy are altogether superior.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INCUBUS, n.  One of a race of highly improper demons who, though probably not wholly extinct, may be said to have seen their best nights. For a complete account of incubi and succubi, including incubae and succubae, see the Liber Demonorum of Protassus (Paris, 1328), which contains much curious information that would be out of place in a dictionary intended as a text-book for the public schools. Victor Hugo relates that in the Channel Islands Satan himself -- tempted more than elsewhere by the beauty of the women, doubtless -- sometimes plays at incubus, greatly to the inconvenience and alarm of the good dames who wish to be loyal to their marriage vows, generally speaking. A certain lady applied to the parish priest to learn how they might, in the dark, distinguish the hardy intruder from their husbands. The holy man said they must feel his brown for horns; but Hugo is ungallant enough to hint a doubt of the efficacy of the test.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INCUMBENT, n.  A person of the liveliest interest to the outcumbents.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INDECISION, n.  The chief element of success; "for whereas," saith Sir Thomas Brewbold, "there is but one way to do nothing and divers way to do something, whereof, to a surety, only one is the right way, it followeth that he who from indecision standeth still hath not so many chances of going astray as he who pusheth forwards" -- a most clear and satisfactory exposition on the matter. "Your prompt decision to attack," said Genera Grant on a certain occasion to General Gordon Granger, "was admirable; you had but five minutes to make up your mind in." "Yes, sir," answered the victorious subordinate, "it is a great thing to be know exactly what to do in an emergency. When in doubt whether to attack or retreat I never hesitate a moment -- I toss us a copper." "Do you mean to say that's what you did this time?" "Yes, General; but for Heaven's sake don't reprimand me: I disobeyed the coin."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INDIFFERENT, adj.  Imperfectly sensible to distinctions among things.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INDIGESTION, n.  A disease which the patient and his friends frequently mistake for deep religious conviction and concern for the salvation of mankind. As the simple Red Man of the western wild put it, with, it must be confessed, a certain force: "Plenty well, no pray; big bellyache, heap God."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INDISCRETION, n.  The guilt of woman.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INEXPEDIENT, adj.  Not calculated to advance one's interests.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INFANCY, n.  The period of our lives when, according to Wordsworth, "Heaven lies about us." The world begins lying about us pretty soon afterward.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INFLUENCE, n.  In politics, a visionary quo given in exchange for a substantial quid.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INFALAPSARIAN, n.  One who ventures to believe that Adam need not have sinned unless he had a mind to -- in opposition to the Supralapsarians, who hold that that luckless person's fall was decreed from the beginning. Infralapsarians are sometimes called Sublapsarians without material effect upon the importance and lucidity of their views about Adam.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INGRATE, n.  One who receives a benefit from another, or is otherwise an object of charity.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INJURY, n.  An offense next in degree of enormity to a slight.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INJUSTICE, n.  A burden which of all those that we load upon others and carry ourselves is lightest in the hands and heaviest upon the back.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INK, n.  A villainous compound of tannogallate of iron, gum-arabic and water, chiefly used to facilitate the infection of idiocy and promote intellectual crime. The properties of ink are peculiar and contradictory: it may be used to make reputations and unmake them; to blacken them and to make them white; but it is most generally and acceptably employed as a mortar to bind together the stones of an edifice of fame, and as a whitewash to conceal afterward the rascal quality of the material. There are men called journalists who have established ink baths which some persons pay money to get into, others to get out of. Not infrequently it occurs that a person who has paid to get in pays twice as much to get out.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INNATE, adj.  Natural, inherent -- as innate ideas, that is to say, ideas that we are born with, having had them previously imparted to us. The doctrine of innate ideas is one of the most admirable faiths of philosophy, being itself an innate idea and therefore inaccessible to disproof, though Locke foolishly supposed himself to have given it "a black eye." Among innate ideas may be mentioned the belief in one's ability to conduct a newspaper, in the greatness of one's country, in the superiority of one's civilization, in the importance of one's personal affairs and in the interesting nature of one's diseases.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INSCRIPTION, n.  Something written on another thing. Inscriptions are of many kinds, but mostly memorial, intended to commemorate the fame of some illustrious person and hand down to distant ages the record of his services and virtues. To this class of inscriptions belongs the name of John Smith, penciled on the Washington monument. Following are examples of memorial inscriptions on tombstones: (See EPITAPH.)	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INSECTIVORA, n.   "See," cries the chorus of admiring preachers,  "How Providence provides for all His creatures!"  "His care," the gnat said, "even the insects follows:  For us He has provided wrens and swallows."  Sempen Railey	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INSURANCE, n.  An ingenious modern game of chance in which the player is permitted to enjoy the comfortable conviction that he is beating the man who keeps the table.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INSURRECTION, n.  An unsuccessful revolution. Disaffection's failure to substitute misrule for bad government.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INTENTION, n.  The mind's sense of the prevalence of one set of influences over another set; an effect whose cause is the imminence, immediate or remote, of the performance of an involuntary act.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INTERPRETER, n.  One who enables two persons of different languages to understand each other by repeating to each what it would have been to the interpreter's advantage for the other to have said.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INTERREGNUM, n.  The period during which a monarchical country is governed by a warm spot on the cushion of the throne. The experiment of letting the spot grow cold has commonly been attended by most unhappy results from the zeal of many worthy persons to make it warm again.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INTIMACY, n.  A relation into which fools are providentially drawn for their mutual destruction.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INTRODUCTION, n.  A social ceremony invented by the devil for the gratification of his servants and the plaguing of his enemies. The introduction attains its most malevolent development in this century, being, indeed, closely related to our political system. Every American being the equal of every other American, it follows that everybody has the right to know everybody else, which implies the right to introduce without request or permission. The Declaration of Independence should have read thus:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
INVENTOR, n.  A person who makes an ingenious arrangement of wheels, levers and springs, and believes it civilization.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
IRRELIGION, n.  The principal one of the great faiths of the world.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ITCH, n.  The patriotism of a Scotchman.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
JEALOUS, adj.  Unduly concerned about the preservation of that which can be lost only if not worth keeping.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
JESTER, n.  An officer formerly attached to a king's household, whose business it was to amuse the court by ludicrous actions and utterances, the absurdity being attested by his motley costume. The king himself being attired with dignity, it took the world some centuries to discover that his own conduct and decrees were sufficiently ridiculous for the amusement not only of his court but of all mankind. The jester was commonly called a fool, but the poets and romancers have ever delighted to represent him as a singularly wise and witty person. In the circus of to-day the melancholy ghost of the court fool effects the dejection of humbler audiences with the same jests wherewith in life he gloomed the marble hall, panged the patrician sense of humor and tapped the tank of royal tears.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
JUSTICE, n.  A commodity which is a more or less adulterated condition the State sells to the citizen as a reward for his allegiance, taxes and personal service.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
KEEP, v. t.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
KILL, v. t. To create a vacancy without nominating a successor.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
KILT, n.  A costume sometimes worn by Scotchmen in America and Americans in Scotland.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
KINDNESS, n.  A brief preface to ten volumes of exaction.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
KING, n.  A male person commonly known in America as a "crowned head," although he never wears a crown and has usually no head to speak of.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
KISS, n.  A word invented by the poets as a rhyme for "bliss." It is supposed to signify, in a general way, some kind of rite or ceremony appertaining to a good understanding; but the manner of its performance is unknown to this lexicographer.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
KLEPTOMANIAC, n.  A rich thief.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
KNIGHT, n.   Once a warrior gentle of birth,  Then a person of civic worth,  Now a fellow to move our mirth.  Warrior, person, and fellow -- no more:  We must knight our dogs to get any lower.  Brave Knights Kennelers then shall be,  Noble Knights of the Golden Flea,  Knights of the Order of St. Steboy,  Knights of St. Gorge and Sir Knights Jawy.  God speed the day when this knighting fad  Shall go to the dogs and the dogs go mad.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
KORAN, n.  A book which the Mohammedans foolishly believe to have been written by divine inspiration, but which Christians know to be a wicked imposture, contradictory to the Holy Scriptures.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LABOR, n.  One of the processes by which A acquires property for B.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LAND, n.  A part of the earth's surface, considered as property. The theory that land is property subject to private ownership and control is the foundation of modern society, and is eminently worthy of the superstructure. Carried to its logical conclusion, it means that some have the right to prevent others from living; for the right to own implies the right exclusively to occupy; and in fact laws of trespass are enacted wherever property in land is recognized. It follows that if the whole area of terra firma is owned by A, B and C, there will be no place for D, E, F and G to be born, or, born as trespassers, to exist.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LANGUAGE, n.  The music with which we charm the serpents guarding another's treasure.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LAOCOON, n.  A famous piece of antique scripture representing a priest of that name and his two sons in the folds of two enormous serpents. The skill and diligence with which the old man and lads support the serpents and keep them up to their work have been justly regarded as one of the noblest artistic illustrations of the mastery of human intelligence over brute inertia.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LAP, n.  One of the most important organs of the female system -- an admirable provision of nature for the repose of infancy, but chiefly useful in rural festivities to support plates of cold chicken and heads of adult males. The male of our species has a rudimentary lap, imperfectly developed and in no way contributing to the animal's substantial welfare.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LAST, n.  A shoemaker's implement, named by a frowning Providence as opportunity to the maker of puns.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LAUGHTER, n.  An interior convulsion, producing a distortion of the features and accompanied by inarticulate noises. It is infectious and, though intermittent, incurable. Liability to attacks of laughter is one of the characteristics distinguishing man from the animals -- these being not only inaccessible to the provocation of his example, but impregnable to the microbes having original jurisdiction in bestowal of the disease. Whether laughter could be imparted to animals by inoculation from the human patient is a question that has not been answered by experimentation. Dr. Meir Witchell holds that the infection character of laughter is due to the instantaneous fermentation of sputa diffused in a spray. From this peculiarity he names the disorder Convulsio spargens.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LAUREATE, adj.  Crowned with leaves of the laurel. In England the Poet Laureate is an officer of the sovereign's court, acting as dancing skeleton at every royal feast and singing-mute at every royal funeral. Of all incumbents of that high office, Robert Southey had the most notable knack at drugging the Samson of public joy and cutting his hair to the quick; and he had an artistic color-sense which enabled him so to blacken a public grief as to give it the aspect of a national crime.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LAUREL, n.  The laurus, a vegetable dedicated to Apollo, and formerly defoliated to wreathe the brows of victors and such poets as had influence at court. (Vide supra.)	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LAW, n.   Once Law was sitting on the bench,  And Mercy knelt a-weeping.  "Clear out!" he cried, "disordered wench!  Nor come before me creeping.  Upon your knees if you appear,  'Tis plain your have no standing here."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LAWFUL, adj.  Compatible with the will of a judge having jurisdiction.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LAWYER, n.  One skilled in circumvention of the law.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LAZINESS, n.  Unwarranted repose of manner in a person of low degree.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LEAD, n.  A heavy blue-gray metal much used in giving stability to light lovers -- particularly to those who love not wisely but other men's wives. Lead is also of great service as a counterpoise to an argument of such weight that it turns the scale of debate the wrong way. An interesting fact in the chemistry of international controversy is that at the point of contact of two patriotisms lead is precipitated in great quantities.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LEARNING, n.  The kind of ignorance distinguishing the studious.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LECTURER, n.  One with his hand in your pocket, his tongue in your ear and his faith in your patience.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LEGACY, n.  A gift from one who is legging it out of this vale of tears.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LEONINE, adj.  Unlike a menagerie lion. Leonine verses are those in which a word in the middle of a line rhymes with a word at the end, as in this famous passage from Bella Peeler Silcox:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LETTUCE, n.  An herb of the genus Lactuca, "Wherewith," says that pious gastronome, Hengist Pelly, "God has been pleased to reward the good and punish the wicked. For by his inner light the righteous man has discerned a manner of compounding for it a dressing to the appetency whereof a multitude of gustible condiments conspire, being reconciled and ameliorated with profusion of oil, the entire comestible making glad the heart of the godly and causing his face to shine. But the person of spiritual unworth is successfully tempted to the Adversary to eat of lettuce with destitution of oil, mustard, egg, salt and garlic, and with a rascal bath of vinegar polluted with sugar. Wherefore the person of spiritual unworth suffers an intestinal pang of strange complexity and raises the song."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LEVIATHAN, n.  An enormous aquatic animal mentioned by Job. Some suppose it to have been the whale, but that distinguished ichthyologer, Dr. Jordan, of Stanford University, maintains with considerable heat that it was a species of gigantic Tadpole (Thaddeus  Polandensis) or Polliwig -- Maria pseudo-hirsuta. For an exhaustive description and history of the Tadpole consult the famous monograph of Jane Potter, Thaddeus of Warsaw.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LIAR, n.  A lawyer with a roving commission.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LIBERTY, n.  One of Imagination's most precious possessions.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LICKSPITTLE, n.  A useful functionary, not infrequently found editing a newspaper. In his character of editor he is closely allied to the blackmailer by the tie of occasional identity; for in truth the lickspittle is only the blackmailer under another aspect, although the latter is frequently found as an independent species. Lickspittling is more detestable than blackmailing, precisely as the business of a confidence man is more detestable than that of a highway robber; and the parallel maintains itself throughout, for whereas few robbers will cheat, every sneak will plunder if he dare.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LIFE, n.  A spiritual pickle preserving the body from decay. We live in daily apprehension of its loss; yet when lost it is not missed. The question, "Is life worth living?" has been much discussed; particularly by those who think it is not, many of whom have written at great length in support of their view and by careful observance of the laws of health enjoyed for long terms of years the honors of successful controversy.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LIGHTHOUSE, n.  A tall building on the seashore in which the government maintains a lamp and the friend of a politician.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LIMB, n.  The branch of a tree or the leg of an American woman.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LINEN, n.  "A kind of cloth the making of which, when made of hemp, entails a great waste of hemp." -- Calcraft the Hangman.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LITIGANT, n.  A person about to give up his skin for the hope of retaining his bones.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LITIGATION, n.  A machine which you go into as a pig and come out of as a sausage.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LIVER, n.  A large red organ thoughtfully provided by nature to be bilious with. The sentiments and emotions which every literary anatomist now knows to haunt the heart were anciently believed to infest the liver; and even Gascoygne, speaking of the emotional side of human nature, calls it "our hepaticall parte." It was at one time considered the seat of life; hence its name -- liver, the thing we live with. The liver is heaven's best gift to the goose; without it that bird would be unable to supply us with the Strasbourg pat[Yacute].	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LODGER, n.  A less popular name for the Second Person of that delectable newspaper Trinity, the Roomer, the Bedder, and the Mealer.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LOGIC, n.  The art of thinking and reasoning in strict accordance with the limitations and incapacities of the human misunderstanding. The basic of logic is the syllogism, consisting of a major and a minor premise and a conclusion -- thus: Major Premise: Sixty men can do a piece of work sixty times as quickly as one man. Minor Premise: One man can dig a posthole in sixty seconds; therefore -- Conclusion: Sixty men can dig a posthole in one second. This may be called the syllogism arithmetical, in which, by combining logic and mathematics, we obtain a double certainty and are twice blessed.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LOGOMACHY, n.  A war in which the weapons are words and the wounds punctures in the swim-bladder of self-esteem -- a kind of contest in which, the vanquished being unconscious of defeat, the victor is denied the reward of success.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LOGANIMITY, n.  The disposition to endure injury with meek forbearance while maturing a plan of revenge.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LONGEVITY, n.  Uncommon extension of the fear of death.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LOQUACITY, n.  A disorder which renders the sufferer unable to curb his tongue when you wish to talk.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LORD, n.  In American society, an English tourist above the state of a costermonger, as, lord 'Aberdasher, Lord Hartisan and so forth. The traveling Briton of lesser degree is addressed as "Sir," as, Sir 'Arry Donkiboi, or 'Amstead 'Eath. The word "Lord" is sometimes used, also, as a title of the Supreme Being; but this is thought to be rather flattery than true reverence.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LORE, n.  Learning -- particularly that sort which is not derived from a regular course of instruction but comes of the reading of occult books, or by nature. This latter is commonly designated as folk-lore and embraces popularly myths and superstitions. In Baring-Gould's Curious Myths of the Middle Ages the reader will find many of these traced backward, through various people son converging lines, toward a common origin in remote antiquity. Among these are the fables of "Teddy the Giant Killer," "The Sleeping John Sharp Williams," "Little Red Riding Hood and the Sugar Trust," "Beauty and the Brisbane," "The Seven Aldermen of Ephesus," "Rip Van Fairbanks," and so forth. The fable with Goethe so affectingly relates under the title of "The Erl- King" was known two thousand years ago in Greece as "The Demos and the Infant Industry." One of the most general and ancient of these myths is that Arabian tale of "Ali Baba and the Forty Rockefellers."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LOSS, n.  Privation of that which we had, or had not. Thus, in the latter sense, it is said of a defeated candidate that he "lost his election"; and of that eminent man, the poet Gilder, that he has "lost his mind." It is in the former and more legitimate sense, that the word is used in the famous epitaph:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LUMINARY, n.  One who throws light upon a subject; as an editor by not writing about it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LUNARIAN, n.  An inhabitant of the moon, as distinguished from Lunatic, one whom the moon inhabits. The Lunarians have been described by Lucian, Locke and other observers, but without much agreement. For example, Bragellos avers their anatomical identity with Man, but Professor Newcomb says they are more like the hill tribes of Vermont.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
LYRE, n.  An ancient instrument of torture. The word is now used in a figurative sense to denote the poetic faculty, as in the following fiery lines of our great poet, Ella Wheeler Wilcox:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MACE, n.  A staff of office signifying authority. Its form, that of a heavy club, indicates its original purpose and use in dissuading from dissent.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MACHINATION, n.  The method employed by one's opponents in baffling one's open and honorable efforts to do the right thing.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MACROBIAN, n.  One forgotten of the gods and living to a great age. History is abundantly supplied with examples, from Methuselah to Old Parr, but some notable instances of longevity are less well known. A Calabrian peasant named Coloni, born in 1753, lived so long that he had what he considered a glimpse of the dawn of universal peace. Scanavius relates that he knew an archbishop who was so old that he could remember a time when he did not deserve hanging. In 1566 a linen draper of Bristol, England, declared that he had lived five hundred years, and that in all that time he had never told a lie. There are instances of longevity (macrobiosis) in our own country. Senator Chauncey Depew is old enough to know better. The editor of The American, a newspaper in New York City, has a memory that goes back to the time when he was a rascal, but not to the fact. The President of the United States was born so long ago that many of the friends of his youth have risen to high political and military preferment without the assistance of personal merit. The verses following were written by a macrobian:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MAD, adj.  Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence; not conforming to standards of thought, speech and action derived by the conformants from study of themselves; at odds with the majority; in short, unusual. It is noteworthy that persons are pronounced mad by officials destitute of evidence that themselves are sane. For illustration, this present (and illustrious) lexicographer is no firmer in the faith of his own sanity than is any inmate of any madhouse in the land; yet for aught he knows to the contrary, instead of the lofty occupation that seems to him to be engaging his powers he may really be beating his hands against the window bars of an asylum and declaring himself Noah Webster, to the innocent delight of many thoughtless spectators.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MAGDALENE, n.  An inhabitant of Magdala. Popularly, a woman found out. This definition of the word has the authority of ignorance, Mary of Magdala being another person than the penitent woman mentioned by St. Luke. It has also the official sanction of the governments of Great Britain and the United States. In England the word is pronounced Maudlin, whence maudlin, adjective, unpleasantly sentimental. With their Maudlin for Magdalene, and their Bedlam for Bethlehem, the English may justly boast themselves the greatest of revisers.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MAGIC, n.  An art of converting superstition into coin. There are other arts serving the same high purpose, but the discreet lexicographer does not name them.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MAGNET, n.  Something acted upon by magnetism.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MAGNETISM, n.  Something acting upon a magnet. The two definitions immediately foregoing are condensed from the works of one thousand eminent scientists, who have illuminated the subject with a great white light, to the inexpressible advancement of human knowledge.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MAGNIFICENT, adj.  Having a grandeur or splendor superior to that to which the spectator is accustomed, as the ears of an ass, to a rabbit, or the glory of a glowworm, to a maggot.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MAGNITUDE, n.  Size. Magnitude being purely relative, nothing is large and nothing small. If everything in the universe were increased in bulk one thousand diameters nothing would be any larger than it was before, but if one thing remain unchanged all the others would be larger than they had been. To an understanding familiar with the relativity of magnitude and distance the spaces and masses of the astronomer would be no more impressive than those of the microscopist. For anything we know to the contrary, the visible universe may be a small part of an atom, with its component ions, floating in the life- fluid (luminiferous ether) of some animal. Possibly the wee creatures peopling the corpuscles of our own blood are overcome with the proper emotion when contemplating the unthinkable distance from one of these to another.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MAGPIE, n.  A bird whose thievish disposition suggested to someone that it might be taught to talk.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MAIDEN, n.  A young person of the unfair sex addicted to clewless conduct and views that madden to crime. The genus has a wide geographical distribution, being found wherever sought and deplored wherever found. The maiden is not altogether unpleasing to the eye, nor (without her piano and her views) insupportable to the ear, though in respect to comeliness distinctly inferior to the rainbow, and, with regard to the part of her that is audible, bleating out of the field by the canary -- which, also, is more portable.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MAJESTY, n.  The state and title of a king. Regarded with a just contempt by the Most Eminent Grand Masters, Grand Chancellors, Great Incohonees and Imperial Potentates of the ancient and honorable orders of republican America.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MALE, n.  A member of the unconsidered, or negligible sex. The male of the human race is commonly known (to the female) as Mere Man. The genus has two varieties: good providers and bad providers.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MALEFACTOR, n.  The chief factor in the progress of the human race.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MALTHUSIAN, adj.  Pertaining to Malthus and his doctrines. Malthus believed in artificially limiting population, but found that it could not be done by talking. One of the most practical exponents of the Malthusian idea was Herod of Judea, though all the famous soldiers have been of the same way of thinking.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MAMMALIA, n. pl. A family of vertebrate animals whose females in a state of nature suckle their young, but when civilized and enlightened put them out to nurse, or use the bottle.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MAMMON, n.  The god of the world's leading religion. The chief temple is in the holy city of New York.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MAN, n.  An animal so lost in rapturous contemplation of what he thinks he is as to overlook what he indubitably ought to be. His chief occupation is extermination of other animals and his own species, which, however, multiplies with such insistent rapidity as to infest the whole habitable earh and Canada.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MANES, n.  The immortal parts of dead Greeks and Romans. They were in a state of dull discomfort until the bodies from which they had exhaled were buried and burned; and they seem not to have been particularly happy afterward.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MANICHEISM, n.  The ancient Persian doctrine of an incessant warfare between Good and Evil. When Good gave up the fight the Persians joined the victorious Opposition.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MANNA, n.  A food miraculously given to the Israelites in the wilderness. When it was no longer supplied to them they settled down and tilled the soil, fertilizing it, as a rule, with the bodies of the original occupants.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MARRIAGE, n.  The state or condition of a community consisting of a master, a mistress and two slaves, making in all, two.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MARTYR, n.  One who moves along the line of least reluctance to a desired death.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MATERIAL, adj.  Having an actual existence, as distinguished from an imaginary one. Important.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MAUSOLEUM, n.  The final and funniest folly of the rich.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MAYONNAISE, n.  One of the sauces which serve the French in place of a state religion.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ME, pro.  The objectionable case of I. The personal pronoun in English has three cases, the dominative, the objectionable and the oppressive. Each is all three.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MEANDER, n.  To proceed sinuously and aimlessly. The word is the ancient name of a river about one hundred and fifty miles south of Troy, which turned and twisted in the effort to get out of hearing when the Greeks and Trojans boasted of their prowess.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MEDAL, n.  A small metal disk given as a reward for virtues, attainments or services more or less authentic. It is related of Bismark, who had been awarded a medal for gallantly rescuing a drowning person, that, being asked the meaning of the medal, he replied: "I save lives sometimes." And sometimes he didn't.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MEDICINE, n.  A stone flung down the Bowery to kill a dog in Broadway.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MEEKNESS, n.  Uncommon patience in planning a revenge that is worth while.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MEERSCHAUM, n.  (Literally, seafoam, and by many erroneously supposed to be made of it.) A fine white clay, which for convenience in coloring it brown is made into tobacco pipes and smoked by the workmen engaged in that industry. The purpose of coloring it has not been disclosed by the manufacturers.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MENDACIOUS, adj.  Addicted to rhetoric.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MERCHANT, n.  One engaged in a commercial pursuit. A commercial pursuit is one in which the thing pursued is a dollar.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MERCY, n.  An attribute beloved of detected offenders.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MESMERISM, n.  Hypnotism before it wore good clothes, kept a carriage and asked Incredulity to dinner.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
METROPOLIS, n.  A stronghold of provincialism.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MILLENNIUM, n.  The period of a thousand years when the lid is to be screwed down, with all reformers on the under side.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MIND, n.  A mysterious form of matter secreted by the brain. Its chief activity consists in the endeavor to ascertain its own nature, the futility of the attempt being due to the fact that it has nothing but itself to know itself with. From the Latin mens, a fact unknown to that honest shoe-seller, who, observing that his learned competitor over the way had displayed the motto "Mens conscia recti," emblazoned his own front with the words "Men's, women's and children's conscia recti."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MINE, adj.  Belonging to me if I can hold or seize it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MINISTER, n.  An agent of a higher power with a lower responsibility. In diplomacy and officer sent into a foreign country as the visible embodiment of his sovereign's hostility. His principal qualification is a degree of plausible inveracity next below that of an ambassador.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MINOR, adj.  Less objectionable.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MINSTREL, adj.  Formerly a poet, singer or musician; now a nigger with a color less than skin deep and a humor more than flesh and blood can bear.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MIRACLE, n.  An act or event out of the order of nature and unaccountable, as beating a normal hand of four kings and an ace with four aces and a king.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MISCREANT, n.  A person of the highest degree of unworth. Etymologically, the word means unbeliever, and its present signification may be regarded as theology's noblest contribution to the development of our language.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MISDEMEANOR, n.  An infraction of the law having less dignity than a felony and constituting no claim to admittance into the best criminal society.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MISERICORDE, n.  A dagger which in mediaeval warfare was used by the foot soldier to remind an unhorsed knight that he was mortal.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MISFORTUNE, n.  The kind of fortune that never misses.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MISS, n.  The title with which we brand unmarried women to indicate that they are in the market. Miss, Missis (Mrs.) and Mister (Mr.) are the three most distinctly disagreeable words in the language, in sound and sense. Two are corruptions of Mistress, the other of Master. In the general abolition of social titles in this our country they miraculously escaped to plague us. If we must have them let us be consistent and give one to the unmarried man. I venture to suggest Mush, abbreviated to Mh.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MOLECULE, n.  The ultimate, indivisible unit of matter. It is distinguished from the corpuscle, also the ultimate, indivisible unit of matter, by a closer resemblance to the atom, also the ultimate, indivisible unit of matter. Three great scientific theories of the structure of the universe are the molecular, the corpuscular and the atomic. A fourth affirms, with Haeckel, the condensation of precipitation of matter from ether -- whose existence is proved by the condensation of precipitation. The present trend of scientific thought is toward the theory of ions. The ion differs from the molecule, the corpuscle and the atom in that it is an ion. A fifth theory is held by idiots, but it is doubtful if they know any more about the matter than the others.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MONAD, n.  The ultimate, indivisible unit of matter. (See Molecule.) According to Leibnitz, as nearly as he seems willing to be understood, the monad has body without bulk, and mind without manifestation -- Leibnitz knows him by the innate power of considering. He has founded upon him a theory of the universe, which the creature bears without resentment, for the monad is a gentlmean. Small as he is, the monad contains all the powers and possibilities needful to his evolution into a German philosopher of the first class -- altogether a very capable little fellow. He is not to be confounded with the microbe, or bacillus; by its inability to discern him, a good microscope shows him to be of an entirely distinct species.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MONARCH, n.  A person engaged in reigning. Formerly the monarch ruled, as the derivation of the word attests, and as many subjects have had occasion to learn. In Russia and the Orient the monarch has still a considerable influence in public affairs and in the disposition of the human head, but in western Europe political administration is mostly entrusted to his ministers, he being somewhat preoccupied with reflections relating to the status of his own head.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
GOVERNMENT, n.  Government.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MONDAY, n.  In Christian countries, the day after the baseball game.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MONEY, n.  A blessing that is of no advantage to us excepting when we part with it. An evidence of culture and a passport to polite society. Supportable property.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MONKEY, n.  An arboreal animal which makes itself at home in genealogical trees.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MONOSYLLABIC, adj.  Composed of words of one syllable, for literary babes who never tire of testifying their delight in the vapid compound by appropriate googoogling. The words are commonly Saxon -- that is to say, words of a barbarous people destitute of ideas and incapable of any but the most elementary sentiments and emotions.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MONSIGNOR, n.  A high ecclesiastical title, of which the Founder of our religion overlooked the advantages.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MONUMENT, n.  A structure intended to commemorate something which either needs no commemoration or cannot be commemorated.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MORAL, adj.  Conforming to a local and mutable standard of right. Having the quality of general expediency.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MORE, adj.  The comparative degree of too much.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MOUSE, n.  An animal which strews its path with fainting women. As in Rome Christians were thrown to the lions, so centuries earlier in Otumwee, the most ancient and famous city of the world, female heretics were thrown to the mice. Jakak-Zotp, the historian, the only Otumwump whose writings have descended to us, says that these martyrs met their death with little dignity and much exertion. He even attempts to exculpate the mice (such is the malice of bigotry) by declaring that the unfortunate women perished, some from exhaustion, some of broken necks from falling over their own feet, and some from lack of restoratives. The mice, he avers, enjoyed the pleasures of the chase with composure. But if "Roman history is nine-tenths lying," we can hardly expect a smaller proportion of that rhetorical figure in the annals of a people capable of so incredible cruelty to a lovely women; for a hard heart has a false tongue.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MOUSQUETAIRE, n.  A long glove covering a part of the arm. Worn in New Jersey. But "mousquetaire" is a might poor way to spell muskeeter.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MOUTH, n.  In man, the gateway to the soul; in woman, the outlet of the heart.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MUGWUMP, n.  In politics one afflicted with self-respect and addicted to the vice of independence. A term of contempt.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MULATTO, n.  A child of two races, ashamed of both.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MULTITUDE, n.  A crowd; the source of political wisdom and virtue. In a republic, the object of the statesman's adoration. "In a multitude of consellors there is wisdom," saith the proverb. If many men of equal individual wisdom are wiser than any one of them, it must be that they acquire the excess of wisdom by the mere act of getting together. Whence comes it? Obviously from nowhere -- as well say that a range of mountains is higher than the single mountains composing it. A multitude is as wise as its wisest member if it obey him; if not, it is no wiser than its most foolish.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MUMMY, n.  An ancient Egyptian, formerly in universal use among modern civilized nations as medicine, and now engaged in supplying art with an excellent pigment. He is handy, too, in museums in gratifying the vulgar curiosity that serves to distinguish man from the lower animals.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MUSTANG, n.  An indocile horse of the western plains. In English society, the American wife of an English nobleman.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MYRMIDON, n.  A follower of Achilles -- particularly when he didn't lead.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MYTHOLOGY, n.  The body of a primitive people's beliefs concerning its origin, early history, heroes, deities and so forth, as distinguished from the true accounts which it invents later.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
NECTAR, n.  A drink served at banquets of the Olympian deities. The secret of its preparation is lost, but the modern Kentuckians believe that they come pretty near to a knowledge of its chief ingredient.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
NEGRO, n.  The pi&Uuml;ce de resistance in the American political problem. Representing him by the letter n, the Republicans begin to build their equation thus: "Let n = the white man." This, however, appears to give an unsatisfactory solution.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
NEIGHBOR, n.  One whom we are commanded to love as ourselves, and who does all he knows how to make us disobedient.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
NEPOTISM, n.  Appointing your grandmother to office for the good of the party.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
NEWTONIAN, adj.  Pertaining to a philosophy of the universe invented by Newton, who discovered that an apple will fall to the ground, but was unable to say why. His successors and disciples have advanced so far as to be able to say when.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
NIHILIST, n.  A Russian who denies the existence of anything but Tolstoi. The leader of the school is Tolstoi.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
NIRVANA, n.  In the Buddhist religion, a state of pleasurable annihilation awarded to the wise, particularly to those wise enough to understand it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
NOBLEMAN, n.  Nature's provision for wealthy American minds ambitious to incur social distinction and suffer high life.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
NOISE, n.  A stench in the ear. Undomesticated music. The chief product and authenticating sign of civilization.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
NOMINATE, v.  To designate for the heaviest political assessment. To put forward a suitable person to incur the mudgobbling and deadcatting of the opposition.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
NOMINEE, n.  A modest gentleman shrinking from the distinction of private life and diligently seeking the honorable obscurity of public office.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
COMBATANT, n.  A dead Quaker.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
NONSENSE, n.  The objections that are urged against this excellent dictionary.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
NOSE, n.  The extreme outpost of the face. From the circumstance that great conquerors have great noses, Getius, whose writings antedate the age of humor, calls the nose the organ of quell. It has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when thrust into the affairs of others, from which some physiologists have drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of smell.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
NOTORIETY, n.  The fame of one's competitor for public honors. The kind of renown most accessible and acceptable to mediocrity. A Jacob's-ladder leading to the vaudeville stage, with angels ascending and descending.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
NOUMENON, n.  That which exists, as distinguished from that which merely seems to exist, the latter being a phenomenon. The noumenon is a bit difficult to locate; it can be apprehended only be a process of reasoning -- which is a phenomenon. Nevertheless, the discovery and exposition of noumena offer a rich field for what Lewes calls "the endless variety and excitement of philosophic thought." Hurrah (therefore) for the noumenon!	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
NOVEMBER, n.  The eleventh twelfth of a weariness.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OATH, n.  In law, a solemn appeal to the Deity, made binding upon the conscience by a penalty for perjury.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OBLIVION, n.  The state or condition in which the wicked cease from struggling and the dreary are at rest. Fame's eternal dumping ground. Cold storage for high hopes. A place where ambitious authors meet their works without pride and their betters without envy. A dormitory without an alarm clock.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OBSERVATORY, n.  A place where astronomers conjecture away the guesses of their predecessors.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OBSESSED, p. p. Vexed by an evil spirit, like the Gadarene swine and other critics. Obsession was once more common than it is now. Arasthus tells of a peasant who was occupied by a different devil for every day in the week, and on Sundays by two. They were frequently seen, always walking in his shadow, when he had one, but were finally driven away by the village notary, a holy man; but they took the peasant with them, for he vanished utterly. A devil thrown out of a woman by the Archbishop of Rheims ran through the trees, pursued by a hundred persons, until the open country was reached, where by a leap higher than a church spire he escaped into a bird. A chaplain in Cromwell's army exorcised a soldier's obsessing devil by throwing the soldier into the water, when the devil came to the surface. The soldier, unfortunately, did not.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OBSOLETE, adj.  No longer used by the timid. Said chiefly of words. A word which some lexicographer has marked obsolete is ever thereafter an object of dread and loathing to the fool writer, but if it is a good word and has no exact modern equivalent equally good, it is good enough for the good writer. Indeed, a writer's attitude toward "obsolete" words is as true a measure of his literary ability as anything except the character of his work. A dictionary of obsolete and obsolescent words would not only be singularly rich in strong and sweet parts of speech; it would add large possessions to the vocabulary of every competent writer who might not happen to be a competent reader.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OBSTINATE, adj.  Inaccessible to the truth as it is manifest in the splendor and stress of our advocacy. The popular type and exponent of obstinacy is the mule, a most intelligent animal.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OCCASIONAL, adj.  Afflicting us with greater or less frequency. That, however, is not the sense in which the word is used in the phrase "occasional verses," which are verses written for an "occasion," such as an anniversary, a celebration or other event. True, they afflict us a little worse than other sorts of verse, but their name has no reference to irregular recurrence.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OCCIDENT, n.  The part of the world lying west (or east) of the Orient. It is largely inhabited by Christians, a powerful subtribe of the Hypocrites, whose principal industries are murder and cheating, which they are pleased to call "war" and "commerce." These, also, are the principal industries of the Orient.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OCEAN, n.  A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for man -- who has no gills.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OFFENSIVE, adj.  Generating disagreeable emotions or sensations, as the advance of an army against its enemy. "Were the enemy's tactics offensive?" the king asked. "I should say so!" replied the unsuccessful general. "The blackguard wouldn't come out of his works!"	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OLD, adj.  In that stage of usefulness which is not inconsistent with general inefficiency, as an old man. Discredited by lapse of time and offensive to the popular taste, as an old book.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OLEAGINOUS, adj.  Oily, smooth, sleek. Disraeli once described the manner of Bishop Wilberforce as "unctuous, oleaginous, saponaceous." And the good prelate was ever afterward known as Soapy Sam. For every man there is something in the vocabulary that would stick to him like a second skin. His enemies have only to find it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OLYMPIAN, adj.  Relating to a mountain in Thessaly, once inhabited by gods, now a repository of yellowing newspapers, beer bottles and mutilated sardine cans, attesting the presence of the tourist and his appetite.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OMEN, n.  A sign that something will happen if nothing happens.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ONCE, adv.  Enough.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OPERA, n.  A play representing life in another world, whose inhabitants have no speech but song, no motions but gestures and no postures but attitudes. All acting is simulation, and the word simulation is from simia, an ape; but in opera the actor takes for his model Simia audibilis (or Pithecanthropos stentor) -- the ape that howls.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OPIATE, n.  An unlocked door in the prison of Identity. It leads into the jail yard.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OPPORTUNITY, n.  A favorable occasion for grasping a disappointment.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OPPOSE, v.  To assist with obstructions and objections.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OPTIMISM, n.  The doctrine, or belief, that everything is beautiful, including what is ugly, everything good, especially the bad, and everything right that is wrong. It is held with greatest tenacity by those most accustomed to the mischance of falling into adversity, and is most acceptably expounded with the grin that apes a smile. Being a blind faith, it is inaccessible to the light of disproof -- an intellectual disorder, yielding to no treatment but death. It is hereditary, but fortunately not contagious.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OPTIMIST, n.  A proponent of the doctrine that black is white. A pessimist applied to God for relief. "Ah, you wish me to restore your hope and cheerfulness," said God. "No," replied the petitioner, "I wish you to create something that would justify them." "The world is all created," said God, "but you have overlooked something -- the mortality of the optimist."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ORATORY, n.  A conspiracy between speech and action to cheat the understanding. A tyranny tempered by stenography.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ORPHAN, n.  A living person whom death has deprived of the power of filial ingratitude -- a privation appealing with a particular eloquence to all that is sympathetic in human nature. When young the orphan is commonly sent to an asylum, where by careful cultivation of its rudimentary sense of locality it is taught to know its place. It is then instructed in the arts of dependence and servitude and eventually turned loose to prey upon the world as a bootblack or scullery maid.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ORTHODOX, n.  An ox wearing the popular religious joke.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ORTHOGRAPHY, n.  The science of spelling by the eye instead of the ear. Advocated with more heat than light by the outmates of every asylum for the insane. They have had to concede a few things since the time of Chaucer, but are none the less hot in defence of those to be conceded hereafter.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OSTRICH, n.  A large bird to which (for its sins, doubtless) nature has denied that hinder toe in which so many pious naturalists have seen a conspicuous evidence of design. The absence of a good working pair of wings is no defect, for, as has been ingeniously pointed out, the ostrich does not fly.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OTHERWISE, adv.  No better.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OUTCOME, n.  A particular type of disappointment. By the kind of intelligence that sees in an exception a proof of the rule the wisdom of an act is judged by the outcome, the result. This is immortal nonsense; the wisdom of an act is to be juded by the light that the doer had when he performed it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OUTDO, v. t. To make an enemy.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
DOORS, n.  That part of one's environment upon which no government has been able to collect taxes. Chiefly useful to inspire poets.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OVATION, n.  n ancient Rome, a definite, formal pageant in honor of one who had been disserviceable to the enemies of the nation. A lesser "triumph." In modern English the word is improperly used to signify any loose and spontaneous expression of popular homage to the hero of the hour and place.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OVEREAT, v.  To dine.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OVERWORK, n.  A dangerous disorder affecting high public functionaries who want to go fishing.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OWE, v.  To have (and to hold) a debt. The word formerly signified not indebtedness, but possession; it meant "own," and in the minds of debtors there is still a good deal of confusion between assets and liabilities.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
OYSTER, n.  A slimy, gobby shellfish which civilization gives men the hardihood to eat without removing its entrails! The shells are sometimes given to the poor.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PAIN, n.  An uncomfortable frame of mind that may have a physical basis in something that is being done to the body, or may be purely mental, caused by the good fortune of another.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PAINTING, n.  The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather and exposing them to the critic. Formerly, painting and sculpture were combined in the same work: the ancients painted their statues. The only present alliance between the two arts is that the modern painter chisels his patrons.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PALACE, n.  A fine and costly residence, particularly that of a great official. The residence of a high dignitary of the Christian Church is called a palace; that of the Founder of his religion was known as a field, or wayside. There is progress.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PALM, n.  A species of tree having several varieties, of which the familiar "itching palm" (Palma hominis) is most widely distributed and sedulously cultivated. This noble vegetable exudes a kind of invisible gum, which may be detected by applying to the bark a piece of gold or silver. The metal will adhere with remarkable tenacity. The fruit of the itching palm is so bitter and unsatisfying that a considerable percentage of it is sometimes given away in what are known as "benefactions."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PALMISTRY, n.  The 947th method (according to Mimbleshaw's classification) of obtaining money by false pretences. It consists in "reading character" in the wrinkles made by closing the hand. The pretence is not altogether false; character can really be read very accurately in this way, for the wrinkles in every hand submitted plainly spell the word "dupe." The imposture consists in not reading it aloud.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PANDEMONIUM, n.  Literally, the Place of All the Demons. Most of them have escaped into politics and finance, and the place is now used as a lecture hall by the Audible Reformer. When disturbed by his voice the ancient echoes clamor appropriate responses most gratifying to his pride of distinction.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PANTALOONS, n.  A nether habiliment of the adult civilized male. The garment is tubular and unprovided with hinges at the points of flexion. Supposed to have been invented by a humorist. Called "trousers" by the enlightened and "pants" by the unworthy.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PANTHEISM, n.  The doctrine that everything is God, in contradistinction to the doctrine that God is everything.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PANTOMIME, n.  A play in which the story is told without violence to the language. The least disagreeable form of dramatic action.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PARDON, v.  To remit a penalty and restore to the life of crime. To add to the lure of crime the temptation of ingratitude.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PASSPORT, n.  A document treacherously inflicted upon a citizen going abroad, exposing him as an alien and pointing him out for special reprobation and outrage.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PAST, n.  That part of Eternity with some small fraction of which we have a slight and regrettable acquaintance. A moving line called the Present parts it from an imaginary period known as the Future. These two grand divisions of Eternity, of which the one is continually effacing the other, are entirely unlike. The one is dark with sorrow and disappointment, the other bright with prosperity and joy. The Past is the region of sobs, the Future is the realm of song. In the one crouches Memory, clad in sackcloth and ashes, mumbling penitential prayer; in the sunshine of the other Hope flies with a free wing, beckoning to temples of success and bowers of ease. Yet the Past is the Future of yesterday, the Future is the Past of to-morrow. They are one -- the knowledge and the dream.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PASTIME, n.  A device for promoting dejection. Gentle exercise for intellectual debility.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PATIENCE, n.  A minor form of despair, disguised as a virtue.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PATRIOT, n.  One to whom the interests of a part seem superior to those of the whole. The dupe of statesmen and the tool of conquerors.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PATRIOTISM, n.  Combustible rubbish read to the torch of any one ambitious to illuminate his name. In Dr. Johnson's famous dictionary patriotism is defined as the last resort of a scoundrel. With all due respect to an enlightened but inferior lexicographer I beg to submit that it is the first.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PEACE, n.  In international affairs, a period of cheating between two periods of fighting.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PEDESTRIAN, n.  The variable (an audible) part of the roadway for an automobile.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PEDIGREE, n.  The known part of the route from an arboreal ancestor with a swim bladder to an urban descendant with a cigarette.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PENITENT, adj.  Undergoing or awaiting punishment.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PERFECTION, n.  An imaginary state of quality distinguished from the actual by an element known as excellence; an attribute of the critic. The editor of an English magazine having received a letter pointing out the erroneous nature of his views and style, and signed "Perfection," promptly wrote at the foot of the letter: "I don't agree with you," and mailed it to Matthew Arnold.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PERIPATETIC, adj.  Walking about. Relating to the philosophy of Aristotle, who, while expounding it, moved from place to place in order to avoid his pupil's objections. A needless precaution -- they knew no more of the matter than he.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PERORATION, n.  The explosion of an oratorical rocket. It dazzles, but to an observer having the wrong kind of nose its most conspicuous peculiarity is the smell of the several kinds of powder used in preparing it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PERSEVERANCE, n.  A lowly virtue whereby mediocrity achieves an inglorious success.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PESSIMISM, n.  A philosophy forced upon the convictions of the observer by the disheartening prevalence of the optimist with his scarecrow hope and his unsightly smile.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PHILANTHROPIST, n.  A rich (and usually bald) old gentleman who has trained himself to grin while his conscience is picking his pocket.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PHILISTINE, n.  One whose mind is the creature of its environment, following the fashion in thought, feeling and sentiment. He is sometimes learned, frequently prosperous, commonly clean and always solemn.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PHILOSOPHY, n.  A route of many roads leading from nowhere to nothing.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PHOENIX, n.  The classical prototype of the modern "small hot bird."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PHONOGRAPH, n.  An irritating toy that restores life to dead noises.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PHOTOGRAPH, n.  A picture painted by the sun without instruction in art. It is a little better than the work of an Apache, but not quite so good as that of a Cheyenne.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PHRENOLOGY, n.  The science of picking the pocket through the scalp. It consists in locating and exploiting the organ that one is a dupe with.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PHYSICIAN, n.  One upon whom we set our hopes when ill and our dogs when well.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PHYSIOGNOMY, n.  The art of determining the character of another by the resemblances and differences between his face and our own, which is the standard of excellence.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PIANO, n.  A parlor utensil for subduing the impenitent visitor. It is operated by pressing the keys of the machine and the spirits of the audience.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PICKANINNY, n.  The young of the Procyanthropos, or Americanus  dominans. It is small, black and charged with political fatalities.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PICTURE, n.  A representation in two dimensions of something wearisome in three.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PIE, n.  An advance agent of the reaper whose name is Indigestion.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PIETY, n.  Reverence for the Supreme Being, based upon His supposed resemblance to man.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PIG, n.  An animal (Porcus omnivorus) closely allied to the human race by the splendor and vivacity of its appetite, which, however, is inferior in scope, for it sticks at pig.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PIGMY, n.  One of a tribe of very small men found by ancient travelers in many parts of the world, but by modern in Central Africa only. The Pigmies are so called to distinguish them from the bulkier Caucasians -- who are Hogmies.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PILGRIM, n.  A traveler that is taken seriously. A Pilgrim Father was one who, leaving Europe in 1620 because not permitted to sing psalms through his nose, followed it to Massachusetts, where he could personate God according to the dictates of his conscience.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PILLORY, n.  A mechanical device for inflicting personal distinction -- prototype of the modern newspaper conducted by persons of austere virtues and blameless lives.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PIRACY, n.  Commerce without its folly-swaddles, just as God made it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PITIFUL, adj.  The state of an enemy of opponent after an imaginary encounter with oneself.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PITY, n.  A failing sense of exemption, inspired by contrast.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PLAGIARISM, n.  A literary coincidence compounded of a discreditable priority and an honorable subsequence.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PLAGIARIZE, v.  To take the thought or style of another writer whom one has never, never read.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PLAGUE, n.  In ancient times a general punishment of the innocent for admonition of their ruler, as in the familiar instance of Pharaoh the Immune. The plague as we of to-day have the happiness to know it is merely Nature's fortuitous manifestation of her purposeless objectionableness.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PLAN, v. t. To bother about the best method of accomplishing an accidental result.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PLATITUDE, n.  The fundamental element and special glory of popular literature. A thought that snores in words that smoke. The wisdom of a million fools in the diction of a dullard. A fossil sentiment in artificial rock. A moral without the fable. All that is mortal of a departed truth. A demi-tasse of milk-and-mortality. The Pope's-nose of a featherless peacock. A jelly-fish withering on the shore of the sea of thought. The cackle surviving the egg. A desiccated epigram.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PLATONIC, adj.  Pertaining to the philosophy of Socrates. Platonic Love is a fool's name for the affection between a disability and a frost.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PLAUDITS, n.  Coins with which the populace pays those who tickle and devour it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PLEASE, v.  To lay the foundation for a superstructure of imposition.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PLEASURE, n.  The least hateful form of dejection.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PLEBEIAN, n.  An ancient Roman who in the blood of his country stained nothing but his hands. Distinguished from the Patrician, who was a saturated solution.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PLEBISCITE, n.  A popular vote to ascertain the will of the sovereign.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PLENIPOTENTIARY, adj.  Having full power. A Minister Plenipotentiary is a diplomatist possessing absolute authority on condition that he never exert it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PLEONASM, n.  An army of words escorting a corporal of thought.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PLOW, n.  An implement that cries aloud for hands accustomed to the pen.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PLUNDER, v.  To take the property of another without observing the decent and customary reticences of theft. To effect a change of ownership with the candid concomitance of a brass band. To wrest the wealth of A from B and leave C lamenting a vanishing opportunity.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
POCKET, n.  The cradle of motive and the grave of conscience. In woman this organ is lacking; so she acts without motive, and her conscience, denied burial, remains ever alive, confessing the sins of others.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
POETRY, n.  A form of expression peculiar to the Land beyond the Magazines.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
POKER, n.  A game said to be played with cards for some purpose to this lexicographer unknown.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
POLICE, n.  An armed force for protection and participation.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
POLITENESS, n.  The most acceptable hypocrisy.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
POLITICS, n.  A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles. The conduct of public affairs for private advantage.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
POLITICIAN, n.  An eel in the fundamental mud upon which the superstructure of organized society is reared. When we wriggles he mistakes the agitation of his tail for the trembling of the edifice. As compared with the statesman, he suffers the disadvantage of being alive.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
POLYGAMY, n.  A house of atonement, or expiatory chapel, fitted with several stools of repentance, as distinguished from monogamy, which has but one.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
POPULIST, n.  A fossil patriot of the early agricultural period, found in the old red soapstone underlying Kansas; characterized by an uncommon spread of ear, which some naturalists contend gave him the power of flight, though Professors Morse and Whitney, pursuing independent lines of thought, have ingeniously pointed out that had he possessed it he would have gone elsewhere. In the picturesque speech of his period, some fragments of which have come down to us, he was known as "The Matter with Kansas."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PORTABLE, adj.  Exposed to a mutable ownership through vicissitudes of possession.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PORTUGUESE, n. pl. A species of geese indigenous to Portugal. They are mostly without feathers and imperfectly edible, even when stuffed with garlic.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
POSITIVE, adj.  Mistaken at the top of one's voice.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
POSITIVISM, n.  A philosophy that denies our knowledge of the Real and affirms our ignorance of the Apparent. Its longest exponent is Comte, its broadest Mill and its thickest Spencer.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
POSTERITY, n.  An appellate court which reverses the judgment of a popular author's contemporaries, the appellant being his obscure competitor.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
POTABLE, n.  Suitable for drinking. Water is said to be potable; indeed, some declare it our natural beverage, although even they find it palatable only when suffering from the recurrent disorder known as thirst, for which it is a medicine. Upon nothing has so great and diligent ingenuity been brought to bear in all ages and in all countries, except the most uncivilized, as upon the invention of substitutes for water. To hold that this general aversion to that liquid has no basis in the preservative instinct of the race is to be unscientific -- and without science we are as the snakes and toads.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
POVERTY, n.  A file provided for the teeth of the rats of reform. The number of plans for its abolition equals that of the reformers who suffer from it, plus that of the philosophers who know nothing about it. Its victims are distinguished by possession of all the virtues and by their faith in leaders seeking to conduct them into a prosperity where they believe these to be unknown.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PRAY, v.  To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled in behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ADAMITE, n.  One of an experimental and apparently unsatisfactory race of antedated Creation and lived under conditions not easily conceived. Melsius believed them to have inhabited "the Void" and to have been something intermediate between fishes and birds. Little its known of them beyond the fact that they supplied Cain with a wife and theologians with a controversy.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PRECEDENT, n.  In Law, a previous decision, rule or practice which, in the absence of a definite statute, has whatever force and authority a Judge may choose to give it, thereby greatly simplifying his task of doing as he pleases. As there are precedents for everything, he has only to ignore those that make against his interest and accentuate those in the line of his desire. Invention of the precedent elevates the trial-at-law from the low estate of a fortuitous ordeal to the noble attitude of a dirigible arbitrament.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PRECIPITATE, adj.  Anteprandial.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PREDESTINATION, n.  The doctrine that all things occur according to programme. This doctrine should not be confused with that of foreordination, which means that all things are programmed, but does not affirm their occurrence, that being only an implication from other doctrines by which this is entailed. The difference is great enough to have deluged Christendom with ink, to say nothing of the gore. With the distinction of the two doctrines kept well in mind, and a reverent belief in both, one may hope to escape perdition if spared.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PREDICAMENT, n.  The wage of consistency.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PREDILECTION, n.  The preparatory stage of disillusion.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EXISTENCE, n.  An unnoted factor in creation.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PREFERENCE, n.  A sentiment, or frame of mind, induced by the erroneous belief that one thing is better than another. An ancient philosopher, expounding his conviction that life is no better than death, was asked by a disciple why, then, he did not die. "Because," he replied, "death is no better than life." It is longer.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PREHISTORIC, adj.  Belonging to an early period and a museum. Antedating the art and practice of perpetuating falsehood.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PREJUDICE, n.  A vagrant opinion without visible means of support.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PRELATE, n.  A church officer having a superior degree of holiness and a fat preferment. One of Heaven's aristocracy. A gentleman of God.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PREROGATIVE, n.  A sovereign's right to do wrong.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PRESBYTERIAN, n.  One who holds the conviction that the government authorities of the Church should be called presbyters.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PRESCRIPTION, n.  A physician's guess at what will best prolong the situation with least harm to the patient.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PRESENT, n.  That part of eternity dividing the domain of disappointment from the realm of hope.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PRESENTABLE, adj.  Hideously appareled after the manner of the time and place. In Boorioboola-Gha a man is presentable on occasions of ceremony if he have his abdomen painted a bright blue and wear a cow's tail; in New York he may, if it please him, omit the paint, but after sunset he must wear two tails made of the wool of a sheep and dyed black.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PRESIDE, v.  To guide the action of a deliberative body to a desirable result. In Journalese, to perform upon a musical instrument; as, "He presided at the piccolo."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PRESIDENCY, n.  The greased pig in the field game of American politics.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PRESIDENT, n.  The leading figure in a small group of men of whom -- and of whom only -- it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PREVARICATOR, n.  A liar in the caterpillar estate.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PRICE, n.  Value, plus a reasonable sum for the wear and tear of conscience in demanding it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PRIMATE, n.  The head of a church, especially a State church supported by involuntary contributions. The Primate of England is the Archbishop of Canterbury, an amiable old gentleman, who occupies Lambeth Palace when living and Westminster Abbey when dead. He is commonly dead.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PRISON, n.  A place of punishments and rewards. The poet assures us that --	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PRIVATE, n.  A military gentleman with a field-marshal's baton in his knapsack and an impediment in his hope.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PROBOSCIS, n.  The rudimentary organ of an elephant which serves him in place of the knife-and-fork that Evolution has as yet denied him. For purposes of humor it is popularly called a trunk. Asked how he knew that an elephant was going on a journey, the illustrious Jo. Miller cast a reproachful look upon his tormentor, and answered, absently: "When it is ajar," and threw himself from a high promontory into the sea. Thus perished in his pride the most famous humorist of antiquity, leaving to mankind a heritage of woe! No successor worthy of the title has appeared, though Mr. Edward bok, of The Ladies' Home Journal, is much respected for the purity and sweetness of his personal character.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PROJECTILE, n.  The final arbiter in international disputes. Formerly these disputes were settled by physical contact of the disputants, with such simple arguments as the rudimentary logic of the times could supply -- the sword, the spear, and so forth. With the growth of prudence in military affairs the projectile came more and more into favor, and is now held in high esteem by the most courageous. Its capital defect is that it requires personal attendance at the point of propulsion.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PROOF, n.  Evidence having a shade more of plausibility than of unlikelihood. The testimony of two credible witnesses as opposed to that of only one.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
READER, n.  A malefactor who atones for making your writing nonsense by permitting the compositor to make it unintelligible.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PROPERTY, n.  Any material thing, having no particular value, that may be held by A against the cupidity of B. Whatever gratifies the passion for possession in one and disappoints it in all others. The object of man's brief rapacity and long indifference.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PROPHECY, n.  The art and practice of selling one's credibility for future delivery.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PROSPECT, n.  An outlook, usually forbidding. An expectation, usually forbidden.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PROVIDENTIAL, adj.  Unexpectedly and conspicuously beneficial to the person so describing it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PRUDE, n.  A bawd hiding behind the back of her demeanor.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PUBLISH, n.  In literary affairs, to become the fundamental element in a cone of critics.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PUSH, n.  One of the two things mainly conducive to success, especially in politics. The other is Pull.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
PYRRHONISM, n.  An ancient philosophy, named for its inventor. It consisted of an absolute disbelief in everything but Pyrrhonism. Its modern professors have added that.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
QUEEN, n.  A woman by whom the realm is ruled when there is a king, and through whom it is ruled when there is not.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
QUILL, n.  An implement of torture yielded by a goose and commonly wielded by an ass. This use of the quill is now obsolete, but its modern equivalent, the steel pen, is wielded by the same everlasting Presence.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
QUIVER, n.  A portable sheath in which the ancient statesman and the aboriginal lawyer carried their lighter arguments.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
QUIXOTIC, adj.  Absurdly chivalric, like Don Quixote. An insight into the beauty and excellence of this incomparable adjective is unhappily denied to him who has the misfortune to know that the gentleman's name is pronounced Ke-ho-tay.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
QUORUM, n.  A sufficient number of members of a deliberative body to have their own way and their own way of having it. In the United States Senate a quorum consists of the chairman of the Committee on Finance and a messenger from the White House; in the House of Representatives, of the Speaker and the devil.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
QUOTATION, n.  The act of repeating erroneously the words of another. The words erroneously repeated.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
QUOTIENT, n.  A number showing how many times a sum of money belonging to one person is contained in the pocket of another -- usually about as many times as it can be got there.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RABBLE, n.  In a republic, those who exercise a supreme authority tempered by fraudulent elections. The rabble is like the sacred Simurgh, of Arabian fable -- omnipotent on condition that it do nothing. (The word is Aristocratese, and has no exact equivalent in our tongue, but means, as nearly as may be, "soaring swine.")	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RACK, n.  An argumentative implement formerly much used in persuading devotees of a false faith to embrace the living truth. As a call to the unconverted the rack never had any particular efficacy, and is now held in light popular esteem.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RANK, n.  Relative elevation in the scale of human worth.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RANSOM, n.  The purchase of that which neither belongs to the seller, nor can belong to the buyer. The most unprofitable of investments.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RAPACITY, n.  Providence without industry. The thrift of power.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RAREBIT, n.  A Welsh rabbit, in the speech of the humorless, who point out that it is not a rabbit. To whom it may be solemnly explained that the comestible known as toad-in-a-hole is really not a toad, and that riz-de-veau a la financi&Uuml;re is not the smile of a calf prepared after the recipe of a she banker.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RASCAL, n.  A fool considered under another aspect.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RASCALITY, n.  Stupidity militant. The activity of a clouded intellect.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RASH, adj.  Insensible to the value of our advice.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RATIONAL, adj.  Devoid of all delusions save those of observation, experience and reflection.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RATTLESNAKE, n.  Our prostrate brother, Homo ventrambulans.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RAZOR, n.  An instrument used by the Caucasian to enhance his beauty, by the Mongolian to make a guy of himself, and by the Afro-American to affirm his worth.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REACH, n.  The radius of action of the human hand. The area within which it is possible (and customary) to gratify directly the propensity to provide.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
READING, n.  The general body of what one reads. In our country it consists, as a rule, of Indiana novels, short stories in "dialect" and humor in slang.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RADICALISM, n.  The conservatism of to-morrow injected into the affairs of to-day.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RADIUM, n.  A mineral that gives off heat and stimulates the organ that a scientist is a fool with.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RAILROAD, n.  The chief of many mechanical devices enabling us to get away from where we are to wher we are no better off. For this purpose the railroad is held in highest favor by the optimist, for it permits him to make the transit with great expedition.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RAMSHACKLE, adj.  Pertaining to a certain order of architecture, otherwise known as the Normal American. Most of the public buildings of the United States are of the Ramshackle order, though some of our earlier architects preferred the Ironic. Recent additions to the White House in Washington are Theo-Doric, the ecclesiastic order of the Dorians. They are exceedingly fine and cost one hundred dollars a brick.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REALISM, n.  The art of depicting nature as it is seem by toads. The charm suffusing a landscape painted by a mole, or a story written by a measuring-worm.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REALITY, n.  The dream of a mad philosopher. That which would remain in the cupel if one should assay a phantom. The nucleus of a vacuum.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REALLY, adv.  Apparently.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REAR, n.  In American military matters, that exposed part of the army that is nearest to Congress.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REASON, v. i. To weight probabilities in the scales of desire.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REASON, n.  Propensitate of prejudice.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REASONABLE, adj.  Accessible to the infection of our own opinions. Hospitable to persuasion, dissuasion and evasion.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REBEL, n.  A proponent of a new misrule who has failed to establish it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RECOLLECT, v.  To recall with additions something not previously known.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RECONCILIATION, n.  A suspension of hostilities. An armed truce for the purpose of digging up the dead.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RECONSIDER, v.  To seek a justification for a decision already made.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RECOUNT, n.  In American politics, another throw of the dice, accorded to the player against whom they are loaded.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RECREATION, n.  A particular kind of dejection to relieve a general fatigue.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RECRUIT, n.  A person distinguishable from a civilian by his uniform and from a soldier by his gait.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RECTOR, n.  In the Church of England, the Third Person of the parochial Trinity, the Cruate and the Vicar being the other two.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REDEMPTION, n.  Deliverance of sinners from the penalty of their sin, through their murder of the deity against whom they sinned. The doctrine of Redemption is the fundamental mystery of our holy religion, and whoso believeth in it shall not perish, but have everlasting life in which to try to understand it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REDRESS, n.  Reparation without satisfaction. Among the Anglo-Saxon a subject conceiving himself wronged by the king was permitted, on proving his injury, to beat a brazen image of the royal offender with a switch that was afterward applied to his own naked back. The latter rite was performed by the public hangman, and it assured moderation in the plaintiff's choice of a switch.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SKIN, n.  A North American Indian, whose skin is not red -- at least not on the outside.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REDUNDANT, adj.  Superfluous; needless; de trop.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REFERENDUM, n.  A law for submission of proposed legislation to a popular vote to learn the nonsensus of public opinion.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REFLECTION, n.  An action of the mind whereby we obtain a clearer view of our relation to the things of yesterday and are able to avoid the perils that we shall not again encounter.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REFORM, v.  A thing that mostly satisfies reformers opposed to reformation.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REFUGE, n.  Anything assuring protection to one in peril. Moses and Joshua provided six cities of refuge -- Bezer, Golan, Ramoth, Kadesh, Schekem and Hebron -- to which one who had taken life inadvertently could flee when hunted by relatives of the deceased. This admirable expedient supplied him with wholesome exercise and enabled them to enjoy the pleasures of the chase; whereby the soul of the dead man was appropriately honored by observations akin to the funeral games of early Greece.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REFUSAL, n.  Denial of something desired; as an elderly maiden's hand in marriage, to a rich and handsome suitor; a valuable franchise to a rich corporation, by an alderman; absolution to an impenitent king, by a priest, and so forth. Refusals are graded in a descending scale of finality thus: the refusal absolute, the refusal condition, the refusal tentative and the refusal feminine. The last is called by some casuists the refusal assentive.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RELIGION, n.  A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the nature of the Unknowable.  "What is your religion my son?" inquired the Archbishop of Rheims.  "Pardon, monseigneur," replied Rochebriant; "I am ashamed of it."  "Then why do you not become an atheist?"  "Impossible! I should be ashamed of atheism."  "In that case, monsieur, you should join the Protestants."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RELIQUARY, n.  A receptacle for such sacred objects as pieces of the true cross, short-ribs of the saints, the ears of Balaam's ass, the lung of the cock that called Peter to repentance and so forth. Reliquaries are commonly of metal, and provided with a lock to prevent the contents from coming out and performing miracles at unseasonable times. A feather from the wing of the Angel of the Annunciation once escaped during a sermon in Saint Peter's and so tickled the noses of the congregation that they woke and sneezed with great vehemence three times each. It is related in the "Gesta Sanctorum" that a sacristan in the Canterbury cathedral surprised the head of Saint Dennis in the library. Reprimanded by its stern custodian, it explained that it was seeking a body of doctrine. This unseemly levity so raged the diocesan that the offender was publicly anathematized, thrown into the Stour and replaced by another head of Saint Dennis, brought from Rome.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RENOWN, n.  A degree of distinction between notoriety and fame -- a little more supportable than the one and a little more intolerable than the other. Sometimes it is conferred by an unfriendly and inconsiderate hand.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REPARATION, n.  Satisfaction that is made for a wrong and deducted from the satisfaction felt in committing it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REPARTEE, n.  Prudent insult in retort. Practiced by gentlemen with a constitutional aversion to violence, but a strong disposition to offend. In a war of words, the tactics of the North American Indian.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REPENTANCE, n.  The faithful attendant and follower of Punishment. It is usually manifest in a degree of reformation that is not inconsistent with continuity of sin.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REPLICA, n.  A reproduction of a work of art, by the artist that made the original. It is so called to distinguish it from a "copy," which is made by another artist. When the two are mae with equal skill the replica is the more valuable, for it is supposed to be more beautiful than it looks.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REPORTER, n.  A writer who guesses his way to the truth and dispels it with a tempest of words.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REPOSE, v. i. To cease from troubling.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REPRESENTATIVE, n.  In national politics, a member of the Lower House in this world, and without discernible hope of promotion in the next.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REPROBATION, n.  In theology, the state of a luckless mortal prenatally damned. The doctrine of reprobation was taught by Calvin, whose joy in it was somewhat marred by the sad sincerity of his conviction that although some are foredoomed to perdition, others are predestined to salvation.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REPUBLIC, n.  A nation in which, the thing governing and the thing governed being the same, there is only a permitted authority to enforce an optional obedience. In a republic, the foundation of public order is the ever lessening habit of submission inherited from ancestors who, being truly governed, submitted because they had to. There are as many kinds of republics as there are graduations between the despotism whence they came and the anarchy whither they lead.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REQUIEM, n.  A mass for the dead which the minor poets assure us the winds sing o'er the graves of their favorites. Sometimes, by way of providing a varied entertainment, they sing a dirge.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RESIDENT, adj.  Unable to leave.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RESIGN, v. t. To renounce an honor for an advantage. To renounce an advantage for a greater advantage.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RESOLUTE, adj.  Obstinate in a course that we approve.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RESPECTABILITY, n.  The offspring of a liaison between a bald head and a bank account.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RESPIRATOR, n.  An apparatus fitted over the nose and mouth of an inhabitant of London, whereby to filter the visible universe in its passage to the lungs.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RESPITE, n.  A suspension of hostilities against a sentenced assassin, to enable the Executive to determine whether the murder may not have been done by the prosecuting attorney. Any break in the continuity of a disagreeable expectation.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RESPLENDENT, adj.  Like a simple American citizen beduking himself in his lodge, or affirming his consequence in the Scheme of Things as an elemental unit of a parade.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RESPOND, v. i. To make answer, or disclose otherwise a consciousness of having inspired an interest in what Herbert Spencer calls "external coexistences," as Satan "squat like a toad" at the ear of Eve, responded to the touch of the angel's spear. To respond in damages is to contribute to the maintenance of the plaintiff's attorney and, incidentally, to the gratification of the plaintiff.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RESPONSIBILITY, n.  A detachable burden easily shifted to the shoulders of God, Fate, Fortune, Luck or one's neighbor. In the days of astrology it was customary to unload it upon a star.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RESTITUTIONS, n.  The founding or endowing of universities and public libraries by gift or bequest.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RESTITUTOR, n.  Benefactor; philanthropist.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RETALIATION, n.  The natural rock upon which is reared the Temple of Law.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RETRIBUTION, n.  A rain of fire-and-brimstone that falls alike upon the just and such of the unjust as have not procured shelter by evicting them. In the lines following, addressed to an Emperor in exile by Father Gassalasca Jape, the reverend poet appears to hint his sense of the improduence of turning about to face Retribution when it is talking exercise:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REVEILLE, n.  A signal to sleeping soldiers to dream of battlefields no more, but get up and have their blue noses counted. In the American army it is ingeniously called "rev-e-lee," and to that pronunciation our countrymen have pledged their lives, their misfortunes and their sacred dishonor.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REVELATION, n.  A famous book in which St. John the Divine concealed all that he knew. The revealing is done by the commentators, who know nothing.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REVERENCE, n.  The spiritual attitude of a man to a god and a dog to a man.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REVIEW, v. t.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
REVOLUTION, n.  In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment. Specifically, in American history, the substitution of the rule of an Administration for that of a Ministry, whereby the welfare and happiness of the people were advanced a full half-inch. Revolutions are usually accompanied by a considerable effusion of blood, but are accounted worth it -- this appraisement being made by beneficiaries whose blood had not the mischance to be shed. The French revolution is of incalculable value to the Socialist of to-day; when he pulls the string actuating its bones its gestures are inexpressibly terrifying to gory tyrants suspected of fomenting law and order.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RHADOMANCER, n.  One who uses a divining-rod in prospecting for precious metals in the pocket of a fool.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RIBALDRY, n.  Censorious language by another concerning oneself.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RIBROASTER, n.  Censorious language by oneself concerning another. The word is of classical refinement, and is even said to have been used in a fable by Georgius Coadjutor, one of the most fastidious writers of the fifteenth century -- commonly, indeed, regarded as the founder of the Fastidiotic School.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WATER, n.  A mystic beverage secretly used by our most popular novelists and poets to regulate the imagination and narcotize the conscience. It is said to be rich in both obtundite and lethargine, and is brewed in a midnight fog by a fat which of the Dismal Swamp.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RICH, adj.  Holding in trust and subject to an accounting the property of the indolent, the incompetent, the unthrifty, the envious and the luckless. That is the view that prevails in the underworld, where the Brotherhood of Man finds its most logical development and candid advocacy. To denizens of the midworld the word means good and wise.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RICHES, n.   A gift from Heaven signifying, "This is my beloved son, in   whom I am well pleased."  John D. Rockefeller	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RIDICULE, n.  Words designed to show that the person of whom they are uttered is devoid of the dignity of character distinguishing him who utters them. It may be graphic, mimetic or merely rident. Shaftesbury is quoted as having pronounced it the test of truth -- a ridiculous assertion, for many a solemn fallacy has undergone centuries of ridicule with no abatement of its popular acceptance. What, for example, has been more valorously derided than the doctrine of Infant Respectability?	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RIGHT, n.  Legitimate authority to be, to do or to have; as the right to be a king, the right to do one's neighbor, the right to have measles, and the like. The first of these rights was once universally believed to be derived directly from the will of God; and this is still sometimes affirmed in partibus infidelium outside the enlightened realms of Democracy; as the well known lines of Sir Abednego Bink, following:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RIGHTEOUSNESS, n.  A sturdy virtue that was once found among the Pantidoodles inhabiting the lower part of the peninsula of Oque. Some feeble attempts were made by returned missionaries to introduce it into several European countries, but it appears to have been imperfectly expounded. An example of this faulty exposition is found in the only extant sermon of the pious Bishop Rowley, a characteristic passage from which is here given:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RIME, n.  Agreeing sounds in the terminals of verse, mostly bad. The verses themselves, as distinguished from prose, mostly dull. Usually (and wickedly) spelled "rhyme."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RIMER, n.  A poet regarded with indifference or disesteem.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RIOT, n.  A popular entertainment given to the military by innocent bystanders.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RITE, n.  A religious or semi-religious ceremony fixed by law, precept or custom, with the essential oil of sincerity carefully squeezed out of it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RITUALISM, n.  A Dutch Garden of God where He may walk in rectilinear freedom, keeping off the grass.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ROAD, n.  A strip of land along which one may pass from where it is too tiresome to be to where it is futile to go.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ROBBER, n.  A candid man of affairs. It is related of Voltaire that one night he and some traveling companion lodged at a wayside inn. The surroundings were suggestive, and after supper they agreed to tell robber stories in turn. "Once there was a Farmer-General of the Revenues." Saying nothing more, he was encouraged to continue. "That," he said, "is the story."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ROMANCE, n.  Fiction that owes no allegiance to the God of Things as They Are. In the novel the writer's thought is tethered to probability, as a domestic horse to the hitching-post, but in romance it ranges at will over the entire region of the imagination -- free, lawless, immune to bit and rein. Your novelist is a poor creature, as Carlyle might say -- a mere reporter. He may invent his characters and plot, but he must not imagine anything taking place that might not occur, albeit his entire narrative is candidly a lie. Why he imposes this hard condition on himself, and "drags at each remove a lengthening chain" of his own forging he can explain in ten thick volumes without illuminating by so much as a candle's ray the black profound of his own ignorance of the matter. There are great novels, for great writers have "laid waste their powers" to write them, but it remains true that far and away the most fascinating fiction that we have is "The Thousand and One Nights."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ROPE, n.  An obsolescent appliance for reminding assassins that they too are mortal. It is put about the neck and remains in place one's whole life long. It has been largely superseded by a more complex electrical device worn upon another part of the person; and this is rapidly giving place to an apparatus known as the preachment.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ROSTRUM, n.  In Latin, the beak of a bird or the prow of a ship. In America, a place from which a candidate for office energetically expounds the wisdom, virtue and power of the rabble.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ROUNDHEAD, n.  A member of the Parliamentarian party in the English civil war -- so called from his habit of wearing his hair short, whereas his enemy, the Cavalier, wore his long. There were other points of difference between them, but the fashion in hair was the fundamental cause of quarrel. The Cavaliers were royalists because the king, an indolent fellow, found it more convenient to let his hair grow than to wash his neck. This the Roundheads, who were mostly barbers and soap-boilers, deemed an injury to trade, and the royal neck was therefore the object of their particular indignation. Descendants of the belligerents now wear their hair all alike, but the fires of animosity enkindled in that ancient strife smoulder to this day beneath the snows of British civility.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RUBBISH, n.  Worthless matter, such as the religions, philosophies, literatures, arts and sciences of the tribes infesting the regions lying due south from Boreaplas.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RUIN, v.  To destroy. Specifically, to destroy a maid's belief in the virtue of maids.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RUM, n.  Generically, fiery liquors that produce madness in total abstainers.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RUMOR, n.  A favorite weapon of the assassins of character.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
RUSSIAN, n.  A person with a Caucasian body and a Mongolian soul. A Tartar Emetic.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SABBATH, n.  A weekly festival having its origin in the fact that God made the world in six days and was arrested on the seventh. Among the Jews observance of the day was enforced by a Commandment of which this is the Christian version: "Remember the seventh day to make thy neighbor keep it wholly." To the Creator it seemed fit and expedient that the Sabbath should be the last day of the week, but the Early Fathers of the Church held other views. So great is the sanctity of the day that even where the Lord holds a doubtful and precarious jurisdiction over those who go down to (and down into) the sea it is reverently recognized, as is manifest in the following deep-water version of the Fourth Commandment:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SACERDOTALIST, n.  One who holds the belief that a clergyman is a priest. Denial of this momentous doctrine is the hardest challenge that is now flung into the teeth of the Episcopalian church by the Neo-Dictionarians.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SACRAMENT, n.  A solemn religious ceremony to which several degrees of authority and significance are attached. Rome has seven sacraments, but the Protestant churches, being less prosperous, feel that they can afford only two, and these of inferior sanctity. Some of the smaller sects have no sacraments at all -- for which mean economy they will indubitable be damned.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SACRED, adj.  Dedicated to some religious purpose; having a divine character; inspiring solemn thoughts or emotions; as, the Dalai Lama of Thibet; the Moogum of M'bwango; the temple of Apes in Ceylon; the Cow in India; the Crocodile, the Cat and the Onion of ancient Egypt; the Mufti of Moosh; the hair of the dog that bit Noah, etc.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SANDLOTTER, n.  A vertebrate mammal holding the political views of Denis Kearney, a notorious demagogue of San Francisco, whose audiences gathered in the open spaces (sandlots) of the town. True to the traditions of his species, this leader of the proletariat was finally bought off by his law-and-order enemies, living prosperously silent and dying impenitently rich. But before his treason he imposed upon California a constitution that was a confection of sin in a diction of solecisms. The similarity between the words "sandlotter" and "sansculotte" is problematically significant, but indubitably suggestive.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
CLUTCH, n.  A mechanical device acting automatically to prevent the fall of an elevator, or cage, in case of an accident to the hoisting apparatus.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SAINT, n.  A dead sinner revised and edited. The Duchess of Orleans relates that the irreverent old calumniator, Marshal Villeroi, who in his youth had known St. Francis de Sales, said, on hearing him called saint: "I am delighted to hear that Monsieur de Sales is a saint. He was fond of saying indelicate things, and used to cheat at cards. In other respects he was a perfect gentleman, though a fool."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SALACITY, n.  A certain literary quality frequently observed in popular novels, especially in those written by women and young girls, who give it another name and think that in introducing it they are occupying a neglected field of letters and reaping an overlooked harvest. If they have the misfortune to live long enough they are tormented with a desire to burn their sheaves.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SALAMANDER, n.  Originally a reptile inhabiting fire; later, an anthropomorphous immortal, but still a pyrophile. Salamanders are now believed to be extinct, the last one of which we have an account having been seen in Carcassonne by the Abbe Belloc, who exorcised it with a bucket of holy water.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SARCOPHAGUS, n.  Among the Greeks a coffin which being made of a certain kind of carnivorous stone, had the peculiar property of devouring the body placed in it. The sarcophagus known to modern obsequiographers is commonly a product of the carpenter's art.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SATAN, n.  One of the Creator's lamentable mistakes, repented in sashcloth and axes. Being instated as an archangel, Satan made himself multifariously objectionable and was finally expelled from Heaven. Halfway in his descent he paused, bent his head in thought a moment and at last went back. "There is one favor that I should like to ask," said he. "Name it." "Man, I understand, is about to be created. He will need laws." "What, wretch! you his appointed adversary, charged from the dawn of eternity with hatred of his soul -- you ask for the right to make his laws?" "Pardon; what I have to ask is that he be permitted to make them himself." It was so ordered.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SATIETY, n.  The feeling that one has for the plate after he has eaten its contents, madam.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SATIRE, n.  An obsolete kind of literary composition in which the vices and follies of the author's enemies were expounded with imperfect tenderness. In this country satire never had more than a sickly and uncertain existence, for the soul of it is wit, wherein we are dolefully deficient, the humor that we mistake for it, like all humor, being tolerant and sympathetic. Moreover, although Americans are "endowed by their Creator" with abundant vice and folly, it is not generally known that these are reprehensible qualities, wherefore the satirist is popularly regarded as a soul-spirited knave, and his ever victim's outcry for codefendants evokes a national assent.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SATYR, n.  One of the few characters of the Grecian mythology accorded recognition in the Hebrew. (Leviticus, xvii, 7.) The satyr was at first a member of the dissolute community acknowledging a loose allegiance with Dionysius, but underwent many transformations and improvements. Not infrequently he is confounded with the faun, a later and decenter creation of the Romans, who was less like a man and more like a goat.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SAUCE, n.  The one infallible sign of civilization and enlightenment. A people with no sauces has one thousand vices; a people with one sauce has only nine hundred and ninety-nine. For every sauce invented and accepted a vice is renounced and forgiven.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SAW, n.  A trite popular saying, or proverb. (Figurative and colloquial.) So called because it makes its way into a wooden head. Following are examples of old saws fitted with new teeth.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SCARABAEUS, n.  The sacred beetle of the ancient Egyptians, allied to our familiar "tumble-bug." It was supposed to symbolize immortality, the fact that God knew why giving it its peculiar sanctity. Its habit of incubating its eggs in a ball of ordure may also have commended it to the favor of the priesthood, and may some day assure it an equal reverence among ourselves. True, the American beetle is an inferior beetle, but the American priest is an inferior priest.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SCARABEE, n.  The same as scarabaeus.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SCARIFICATION, n.  A form of penance practised by the mediaeval pious. The rite was performed, sometimes with a knife, sometimes with a hot iron, but always, says Arsenius Asceticus, acceptably if the penitent spared himself no pain nor harmless disfigurement. Scarification, with other crude penances, has now been superseded by benefaction. The founding of a library or endowment of a university is said to yield to the penitent a sharper and more lasting pain than is conferred by the knife or iron, and is therefore a surer means of grace. There are, however, two grave objections to it as a penitential method: the good that it does and the taint of justice.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SCEPTER, n.  A king's staff of office, the sign and symbol of his authority. It was originally a mace with which the sovereign admonished his jester and vetoed ministerial measures by breaking the bones of their proponents.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SCIMETAR, n.  A curved sword of exceeding keenness, in the conduct of which certain Orientals attain a surprising proficiency, as the incident here related will serve to show. The account is translated from the Japanese by Shusi Itama, a famous writer of the thirteenth century.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
BOOK, n.  A book that is commonly edited by a fool. Many persons of some small distinction compile scrap-books containing whatever they happen to read about themselves or employ others to collect. One of these egotists was addressed in the lines following, by Agamemnon Melancthon Peters:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SCRIBBLER, n.  A professional writer whose views are antagonistic to one's own.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SCRIPTURES, n.  The sacred books of our holy religion, as distinguished from the false and profane writings on which all other faiths are based.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SEINE, n.  A kind of net for effecting an involuntary change of environment. For fish it is made strong and coarse, but women are more easily taken with a singularly delicate fabric weighted with small, cut stones.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ESTEEM, n.  An erroneous appraisement.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
EVIDENT, adj.  Evident to one's self and to nobody else.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SELFISH, adj.  Devoid of consideration for the selfishness of others.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SENATE, n.  A body of elderly gentlemen charged with high duties and misdemeanors.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SERIAL, n.  A literary work, usually a story that is not true, creeping through several issues of a newspaper or magazine. Frequently appended to each installment is a "synposis of preceding chapters" for those who have not read them, but a direr need is a synposis of succeeding chapters for those who do not intend to read them. A synposis of the entire work would be still better. The late James F. Bowman was writing a serial tale for a weekly paper in collaboration with a genius whose name has not come down to us. They wrote, not jointly but alternately, Bowman supplying the installment for one week, his friend for the next, and so on, world without end, they hoped. Unfortunately they quarreled, and one Monday morning when Bowman read the paper to prepare himself for his task, he found his work cut out for him in a way to surprise and pain him. His collaborator had embarked every character of the narrative on a ship and sunk them all in the deepest part of the Atlantic.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SEVERALTY, n.  Separateness, as, lands in severalty, i.e., lands held individually, not in joint ownership. Certain tribes of Indians are believed now to be sufficiently civilized to have in severalty the lands that they have hitherto held as tribal organizations, and could not sell to the Whites for waxen beads and potato whiskey.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SHERIFF, n.  In America the chief executive office of a country, whose most characteristic duties, in some of the Western and Southern States, are the catching and hanging of rogues.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SIREN, n.  One of several musical prodigies famous for a vain attempt to dissuade Odysseus from a life on the ocean wave. Figuratively, any lady of splendid promise, dissembled purpose and disappointing performance.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SLANG, n.  The grunt of the human hog (Pignoramus intolerabilis) with an audible memory. The speech of one who utters with his tongue what he thinks with his ear, and feels the pride of a creator in accomplishing the feat of a parrot. A means (under Providence) of setting up as a wit without a capital of sense.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SMITHAREEN, n.  A fragment, a decomponent part, a remain. The word is used variously, but in the following verse on a noted female reformer who opposed bicycle-riding by women because it "led them to the devil" it is seen at its best:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SOPHISTRY, n.  The controversial method of an opponent, distinguished from one's own by superior insincerity and fooling. This method is that of the later Sophists, a Grecian sect of philosophers who began by teaching wisdom, prudence, science, art and, in brief, whatever men ought to know, but lost themselves in a maze of quibbles and a fog of words.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SORCERY, n.  The ancient prototype and forerunner of political influence. It was, however, deemed less respectable and sometimes was punished by torture and death. Augustine Nicholas relates that a poor peasant who had been accused of sorcery was put to the torture to compel a confession. After enduring a few gentle agonies the suffering simpleton admitted his guilt, but naively asked his tormentors if it were not possible to be a sorcerer without knowing it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SPOOKER, n.  A writer whose imagination concerns itself with supernatural phenomena, especially in the doings of spooks. One of the most illustrious spookers of our time is Mr. William D. Howells, who introduces a well-credentialed reader to as respectable and mannerly a company of spooks as one could wish to meet. To the terror that invests the chairman of a district school board, the Howells ghost adds something of the mystery enveloping a farmer from another township.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
STORY, n.  A narrative, commonly untrue. The truth of the stories here following has, however, not been successfully impeached.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SUCCESS, n.  The one unpardonable sin against one's fellows. In literature, and particularly in poetry, the elements of success are exceedingly simple, and are admirably set forth in the following lines by the reverend Father Gassalasca Jape, entitled, for some mysterious reason, "John A. Joyce."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SUFFRAGE, n.  Expression of opinion by means of a ballot. The right of suffrage (which is held to be both a privilege and a duty) means, as commonly interpreted, the right to vote for the man of another man's choice, and is highly prized. Refusal to do so has the bad name of "incivism." The incivilian, however, cannot be properly arraigned for his crime, for there is no legitimate accuser. If the accuser is himself guilty he has no standing in the court of opinion; if not, he profits by the crime, for A's abstention from voting gives greater weight to the vote of B. By female suffrage is meant the right of a woman to vote as some man tells her to. It is based on female responsibility, which is somewhat limited. The woman most eager to jump out of her petticoat to assert her rights is first to jump back into it when threatened with a switching for misusing them.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SYCOPHANT, n.  One who approaches Greatness on his belly so that he may not be commanded to turn and be kicked. He is sometimes an editor.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SYLLOGISM, n.  A logical formula consisting of a major and a minor assumption and an inconsequent. (See LOGIC.)	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SYLPH, n.  An immaterial but visible being that inhabited the air when the air was an element and before it was fatally polluted with factory smoke, sewer gas and similar products of civilization. Sylphs were allied to gnomes, nymphs and salamanders, which dwelt, respectively, in earth, water and fire, all now insalubrious. Sylphs, like fowls of the air, were male and female, to no purpose, apparently, for if they had progeny they must have nested in accessible places, none of the chicks having ever been seen.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SYMBOL, n.  Something that is supposed to typify or stand for something else. Many symbols are mere "survivals" -- things which having no longer any utility continue to exist because we have inherited the tendency to make them; as funereal urns carved on memorial monuments. They were once real urns holding the ashes of the dead. We cannot stop making them, but we can give them a name that conceals our helplessness.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
SYMBOLIC, adj.  Pertaining to symbols and the use and interpretation of symbols.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TAIL, n.  The part of an animal's spine that has transcended its natural limitations to set up an independent existence in a world of its own. Excepting in its foetal state, Man is without a tail, a privation of which he attests an hereditary and uneasy consciousness by the coat-skirt of the male and the train of the female, and by a marked tendency to ornament that part of his attire where the tail should be, and indubitably once was. This tendency is most observable in the female of the species, in whom the ancestral sense is strong and persistent. The tailed men described by Lord Monboddo are now generally regarded as a product of an imagination unusually susceptible to influences generated in the golden age of our pithecan past.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TAKE, v. t. To acquire, frequently by force but preferably by stealth.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TALK, v. t. To commit an indiscretion without temptation, from an impulse without purpose.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TARIFF, n.  A scale of taxes on imports, designed to protect the domestic producer against the greed of his consumer.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TECHNICALITY, n.  In an English court a man named Home was tried for slander in having accused his neighbor of murder. His exact words were: "Sir Thomas Holt hath taken a cleaver and stricken his cook upon the head, so that one side of the head fell upon one shoulder and the other side upon the other shoulder." The defendant was acquitted by instruction of the court, the learned judges holding that the words did not charge murder, for they did not affirm the death of the cook, that being only an inference.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TEDIUM, n.  Ennui, the state or condition of one that is bored. Many fanciful derivations of the word have been affirmed, but so high an authority as Father Jape says that it comes from a very obvious source -- the first words of the ancient Latin hymn Te Deum  Laudamus. In this apparently natural derivation there is something that saddens.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TEETOTALER, n.  One who abstains from strong drink, sometimes totally, sometimes tolerably totally.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TELEPHONE, n.  An invention of the devil which abrogates some of the advantages of making a disagreeable person keep his distance.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TELESCOPE, n.  A device having a relation to the eye similar to that of the telephone to the ear, enabling distant objects to plague us with a multitude of needless details. Luckily it is unprovided with a bell summoning us to the sacrifice.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TENACITY, n.  A certain quality of the human hand in its relation to the coin of the realm. It attains its highest development in the hand of authority and is considered a serviceable equipment for a career in politics. The following illustrative lines were written of a Californian gentleman in high political preferment, who has passed to his accounting:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
THEOSOPHY, n.  An ancient faith having all the certitude of religion and all the mystery of science. The modern Theosophist holds, with the Buddhists, that we live an incalculable number of times on this earth, in as many several bodies, because one life is not long enough for our complete spiritual development; that is, a single lifetime does not suffice for us to become as wise and good as we choose to wish to become. To be absolutely wise and good -- that is perfection; and the Theosophist is so keen-sighted as to have observed that everything desirous of improvement eventually attains perfection. Less competent observers are disposed to except cats, which seem neither wiser nor better than they were last year. The greatest and fattest of recent Theosophists was the late Madame Blavatsky, who had no cat.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TOMB, n.  The House of Indifference. Tombs are now by common consent invested with a certain sanctity, but when they have been long tenanted it is considered no sin to break them open and rifle them, the famous Egyptologist, Dr. Huggyns, explaining that a tomb may be innocently "glened" as soon as its occupant is done "smellynge," the soul being then all exhaled. This reasonable view is now generally accepted by archaeologists, whereby the noble science of Curiosity has been greatly dignified.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TOPE, v.  To tipple, booze, swill, soak, guzzle, lush, bib, or swig. In the individual, toping is regarded with disesteem, but toping nations are in the forefront of civilization and power. When pitted against the hard-drinking Christians the absemious Mahometans go down like grass before the scythe. In India one hundred thousand beef- eating and brandy-and-soda guzzling Britons hold in subjection two hundred and fifty million vegetarian abstainers of the same Aryan race. With what an easy grace the whisky-loving American pushed the temperate Spaniard out of his possessions! From the time when the Berserkers ravaged all the coasts of western Europe and lay drunk in every conquered port it has been the same way: everywhere the nations that drink too much are observed to fight rather well and not too righteously. Wherefore the estimable old ladies who abolished the canteen from the American army may justly boast of having materially augmented the nation's military power.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TORTOISE, n.  A creature thoughtfully created to supply occasion for the following lines by the illustrious Ambat Delaso:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TREE, n.  A tall vegetable intended by nature to serve as a penal apparatus, though through a miscarriage of justice most trees bear only a negligible fruit, or none at all. When naturally fruited, the tree is a beneficient agency of civilization and an important factor in public morals. In the stern West and the sensitive South its fruit (white and black respectively) though not eaten, is agreeable to the public taste and, though not exported, profitable to the general welfare. That the legitimate relation of the tree to justice was no discovery of Judge Lynch (who, indeed, conceded it no primacy over the lamp-post and the bridge-girder) is made plain by the following passage from Morryster, who antedated him by two centuries:	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TRICHINOSIS, n.  The pig's reply to proponents of porcophagy. Moses Mendlessohn having fallen ill sent for a Christian physician, who at once diagnosed the philosopher's disorder as trichinosis, but tactfully gave it another name. "You need and immediate change of diet," he said; "you must eat six ounces of pork every other day." "Pork?" shrieked the patient -- "pork? Nothing shall induce me to touch it!" "Do you mean that?" the doctor gravely asked. "I swear it!" "Good! -- then I will undertake to cure you."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TRINITY, n.  In the multiplex theism of certain Christian churches, three entirely distinct deities consistent with only one. Subordinate deities of the polytheistic faith, such as devils and angels, are not dowered with the power of combination, and must urge individually their clames to adoration and propitiation. The Trinity is one of the most sublime mysteries of our holy religion. In rejecting it because it is incomprehensible, Unitarians betray their inadequate sense of theological fundamentals. In religion we believe only what we do not understand, except in the instance of an intelligible doctrine that contradicts an incomprehensible one. In that case we believe the former as a part of the latter.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TROGLODYTE, n.  Specifically, a cave-dweller of the paleolithic period, after the Tree and before the Flat. A famous community of troglodytes dwelt with David in the Cave of Adullam. The colony consisted of "every one that was in distress, and every one that was in debt, and every one that was discontented" -- in brief, all the Socialists of Judah.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TRUCE, n.  Friendship.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TRUTH, n.  An ingenious compound of desirability and appearance. Discovery of truth is the sole purpose of philosophy, which is the most ancient occupation of the human mind and has a fair prospect of existing with increasing activity to the end of time.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TRUTHFUL, adj.  Dumb and illiterate.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TRUST, n.  In American politics, a large corporation composed in greater part of thrifty working men, widows of small means, orphans in the care of guardians and the courts, with many similar malefactors and public enemies.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TURKEY, n.  A large bird whose flesh when eaten on certain religious anniversaries has the peculiar property of attesting piety and gratitude. Incidentally, it is pretty good eating.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TWICE, adv.  Once too often.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
TYPE, n.  Pestilent bits of metal suspected of destroying civilization and enlightenment, despite their obvious agency in this incomparable dictionary.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
FLY, n.  An African insect (Glossina morsitans) whose bite is commonly regarded as nature's most efficacious remedy for insomnia, though some patients prefer that of the American novelist (Mendax interminabilis).	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
UBIQUITY, n.  The gift or power of being in all places at one time, but not in all places at all times, which is omnipresence, an attribute of God and the luminiferous ether only. This important distinction between ubiquity and omnipresence was not clear to the mediaeval Church and there was much bloodshed about it. Certain Lutherans, who affirmed the presence everywhere of Christ's body were known as Ubiquitarians. For this error they were doubtless damned, for Christ's body is present only in the eucharist, though that sacrament may be performed in more than one place simultaneously. In recent times ubiquity has not always been understood -- not even by Sir Boyle Roche, for example, who held that a man cannot be in two places at once unless he is a bird.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
UGLINESS, n.  A gift of the gods to certain women, entailing virtue without humility.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
AMERICAN, adj.  Wicked, intolerable, heathenish.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
UNCTION, n.  An oiling, or greasing. The rite of extreme unction consists in touching with oil consecrated by a bishop several parts of the body of one engaged in dying. Marbury relates that after the rite had been administered to a certain wicked English nobleman it was discovered that the oil had not been properly consecrated and no other could be obtained. When informed of this the sick man said in anger: "Then I'll be damned if I die!" "My son," said the priest, "this is what we fear."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
UNDERSTANDING, n.  A cerebral secretion that enables one having it to know a house from a horse by the roof on the house. Its nature and laws have been exhaustively expounded by Locke, who rode a house, and Kant, who lived in a horse.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
UNITARIAN, n.  One who denies the divinity of a Trinitarian.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
UNIVERSALIST, n.  One who forgoes the advantage of a Hell for persons of another faith.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
URBANITY, n.  The kind of civility that urban observers ascribe to dwellers in all cities but New York. Its commonest expression is heard in the words, "I beg your pardon," and it is not consistent with disregard of the rights of others.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
USAGE, n.  The First Person of the literary Trinity, the Second and Third being Custom and Conventionality. Imbued with a decent reverence for this Holy Triad an industrious writer may hope to produce books that will live as long as the fashion.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
UXORIOUSNESS, n.  A perverted affection that has strayed to one's own wife.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
VALOR, n.  A soldierly compound of vanity, duty and the gambler's hope. "Why have you halted?" roared the commander of a division and Chickamauga, who had ordered a charge; "move forward, sir, at once." "General," said the commander of the delinquent brigade, "I am persuaded that any further display of valor by my troops will bring them into collision with the enemy."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
VANITY, n.  The tribute of a fool to the worth of the nearest ass.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
VIRTUES, n. pl. Certain abstentions.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
VITUPERATION, n.  Saite, as understood by dunces and all such as suffer from an impediment in their wit.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
VOTE, n.  The instrument and symbol of a freeman's power to make a fool of himself and a wreck of his country.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
STREET, n.  A symbol for sin for every devil to rebuke. That Wall Street is a den of thieves is a belief that serves every unsuccessful thief in place of a hope in Heaven. Even the great and good Andrew Carnegie has made his profession of faith in the matter.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WAR, n.  A by-product of the arts of peace. The most menacing political condition is a period of international amity. The student of history who has not been taught to expect the unexpected may justly boast himself inaccessible to the light. "In time of peace prepare for war" has a deeper meaning than is commonly discerned; it means, not merely that all things earthly have an end -- that change is the one immutable and eternal law -- but that the soil of peace is thickly sown with the seeds of war and singularly suited to their germination and growth. It was when Kubla Khan had decreed his "stately pleasure dome" -- when, that is to say, there were peace and fat feasting in Xanadu -- that he	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WASHINGTONIAN, n.  A Potomac tribesman who exchanged the privilege of governing himself for the advantage of good government. In justice to him it should be said that he did not want to.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WEAKNESSES, n. pl. Certain primal powers of Tyrant Woman wherewith she holds dominion over the male of her species, binding him to the service of her will and paralyzing his rebellious energies.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WEATHER, n.  The climate of the hour. A permanent topic of conversation among persons whom it does not interest, but who have inherited the tendency to chatter about it from naked arboreal ancestors whom it keenly concerned. The setting up official weather bureaus and their maintenance in mendacity prove that even governments are accessible to suasion by the rude forefathers of the jungle.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WEDDING, n.  A ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WEREWOLF, n.  A wolf that was once, or is sometimes, a man. All werewolves are of evil disposition, having assumed a bestial form to gratify a beastial appetite, but some, transformed by sorcery, are as humane and is consistent with an acquired taste for human flesh. Some Bavarian peasants having caught a wolf one evening, tied it to a post by the tail and went to bed. The next morning nothing was there! Greatly perplexed, they consulted the local priest, who told them that their captive was undoubtedly a werewolf and had resumed its human for during the night. "The next time that you take a wolf," the good man said, "see that you chain it by the leg, and in the morning you will find a Lutheran."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WHANGDEPOOTENAWAH, n.  In the Ojibwa tongue, disaster; an unexpected affliction that strikes hard.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WHEAT, n.  A cereal from which a tolerably good whisky can with some difficulty be made, and which is used also for bread. The French are said to eat more bread per capita of population than any other people, which is natural, for only they know how to make the stuff palatable.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WHITE, adj. and n. Black.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WIDOW, n.  A pathetic figure that the Christian world has agreed to take humorously, although Christ's tenderness towards widows was one of the most marked features of his character.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WINE, n.  Fermented grape-juice known to the Women's Christian Union as "liquor," sometimes as "rum." Wine, madam, is God's next best gift to man.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WIT, n.  The salt with which the American humorist spoils his intellectual cookery by leaving it out.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WITCH, n.  (1) Any ugly and repulsive old woman, in a wicked league with the devil. (2) A beautiful and attractive young woman, in wickedness a league beyond the devil.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WITTICISM, n.  A sharp and clever remark, usually quoted, and seldom noted; what the Philistine is pleased to call a "joke."	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WOMAN, n.  An animal usually living in the vicinity of Man, and having a rudimentary susceptibility to domestication. It is credited by many of the elder zoologists with a certain vestigial docility acquired in a former state of seclusion, but naturalists of the postsusananthony period, having no knowledge of the seclusion, deny the virtue and declare that such as creation's dawn beheld, it roareth now. The species is the most widely distributed of all beasts of prey, infesting all habitable parts of the globe, from Greeland's spicy mountains to India's moral strand. The popular name (wolfman) is incorrect, for the creature is of the cat kind. The woman is lithe and graceful in its movement, especially the American variety (felis pugnans), is omnivorous and can be taught not to talk. Balthasar Pober	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
MEAT, n.  The finished product of which we are the raw material. The contents of the Taj Mahal, the Tombeau Napoleon and the Granitarium. Worms'-meat is usually outlasted by the structure that houses it, but "this too must pass away." Probably the silliest work in which a human being can engage is construction of a tomb for himself. The solemn purpose cannot dignify, but only accentuates by contrast the foreknown futility.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WORSHIP, n.  Homo Creator's testimony to the sound construction and fine finish of Deus Creatus. A popular form of abjection, having an element of pride.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
WRATH, n.  Anger of a superior quality and degree, appropriate to exalted characters and momentous occasions; as, "the wrath of God," "the day of wrath," etc. Amongst the ancients the wrath of kings was deemed sacred, for it could usually command the agency of some god for its fit manifestation, as could also that of a priest. The Greeks before Troy were so harried by Apollo that they jumped out of the frying-pan of the wrath of Cryses into the fire of the wrath of Achilles, though Agamemnon, the sole offender, was neither fried nor roasted. A similar noted immunity was that of David when he incurred the wrath of Yahveh by numbering his people, seventy thousand of whom paid the penalty with their lives. God is now Love, and a director of the census performs his work without apprehension of disaster.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
YANKEE, n.  In Europe, an American. In the Northern States of our Union, a New Englander. In the Southern States the word is unknown. (See DAMNYANK.)	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
YEAR, n.  A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
YESTERDAY, n.  The infancy of youth, the youth of manhood, the entire past of age.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
YOKE, n.  An implement, madam, to whose Latin name, jugum, we owe one of the most illuminating words in our language -- a word that defines the matrimonial situation with precision, point and poignancy. A thousand apologies for withholding it.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
YOUTH, n.  The Period of Possibility, when Archimedes finds a fulcrum, Cassandra has a following and seven cities compete for the honor of endowing a living Homer.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ZANY, n.  A popular character in old Italian plays, who imitated with ludicrous incompetence the buffone, or clown, and was therefore the ape of an ape; for the clown himself imitated the serious characters of the play. The zany was progenitor to the specialist in humor, as we to-day have the unhappiness to know him. In the zany we see an example of creation; in the humorist, of transmission. Another excellent specimen of the modern zany is the curate, who apes the rector, who apes the bishop, who apes the archbishop, who apes the devil.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ZANZIBARI, n.  An inhabitant of the Sultanate of Zanzibar, off the eastern coast of Africa. The Zanzibaris, a warlike people, are best known in this country through a threatening diplomatic incident that occurred a few years ago. The American consul at the capital occupied a dwelling that faced the sea, with a sandy beach between. Greatly to the scandal of this official's family, and against repeated remonstrances of the official himself, the people of the city persisted in using the beach for bathing. One day a woman came down to the edge of the water and was stooping to remove her attire (a pair of sandals) when the consul, incensed beyond restraint, fired a charge of bird-shot into the most conspicuous part of her person. Unfortunately for the existing entente cordiale between two great nations, she was the Sultana.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ZEAL, n.  A certain nervous disorder afflicting the young and inexperienced. A passion that goeth before a sprawl.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ZENITH, n.  The point in the heavens directly overhead to a man standing or a growing cabbage. A man in bed or a cabbage in the pot is not considered as having a zenith, though from this view of the matter there was once a considerably dissent among the learned, some holding that the posture of the body was immaterial. These were called Horizontalists, their opponents, Verticalists. The Horizontalist heresy was finally extinguished by Xanobus, the philosopher-king of Abara, a zealous Verticalist. Entering an assembly of philosophers who were debating the matter, he cast a severed human head at the feet of his opponents and asked them to determine its zenith, explaining that its body was hanging by the heels outside. Observing that it was the head of their leader, the Horizontalists hastened to profess themselves converted to whatever opinion the Crown might be pleased to hold, and Horizontalism took its place among fides defuncti.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ZEUS, n.  The chief of Grecian gods, adored by the Romans as Jupiter and by the modern Americans as God, Gold, Mob and Dog. Some explorers who have touched upon the shores of America, and one who professes to have penetrated a considerable distance to the interior, have thought that these four names stand for as many distinct deities, but in his monumental work on Surviving Faiths, Frumpp insists that the natives are monotheists, each having no other god than himself, whom he worships under many sacred names.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ZIGZAG, v. t. To move forward uncertainly, from side to side, as one carrying the white man's burden. (From zed, z, and jag, an Icelandic word of unknown meaning.)	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
ZOOLOGY, n.  The science and history of the animal kingdom, including its king, the House Fly (Musca maledicta). The father of Zoology was Aristotle, as is universally conceded, but the name of its mother has not come down to us. Two of the science's most illustrious expounders were Buffon and Oliver Goldsmith, from both of whom we learn (L'Histoire generale des animaux and A History of Animated  Nature) that the domestic cow sheds its horn every two years.	Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
I keep a conscience uncorrupted by religion, a judgment undimmed by politics and patriotism, a heart untainted by friendships and sentiments unsoured by animosities.	Ambrose Bierce
Women would be more charming if one could fall into her arms without falling into her hands.	Ambrose Bierce
Certain old men prefer to rise at dawn, taking a cold bath and a long walk with an empty stomach and otherwise mortifying the flesh. They then point with pride to these practices as the cause of their sturdy health and ripe years; the truth being that they are hearty and old, not because of their habits, but in spite of them. The reason we find only robust persons doing this thing is that it has killed all the others who have tried it.	Ambrose Bierce
Platonic Love is a fool's name for the affection between a disability and a frost.	Ambrose Bierce
If you call me a new-age, airy-fairy, hippie-dippy airhead I will shove my crystals up your ass.	Tori Amos
The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.	George Orwell, Animal Farm
Never say what you can grunt. Never grunt what you can wink. Never wink what you can nod, never nod what you can shrug, and don't shrug when it ain't necessary	Earl Long
Gentlemen! You can't fight in here! This is the War room!
Q: Which programming language is the easiest? A: COBOL will sleep with you on the first date.	Mayrel
But the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses. They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown.	Carl Sagan
The direct use of force is such a poor solution to any problem, it is generally employed only by small children and large nations.	David Friedman
Cult: A small, unpopular religion. Religion: A large, popular cult.
Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra and then suddenly it flips over, pinning you underneath. At night, the ice weasels come.	Matt Groening
I want to say to all you Scribes, Pharisees, heresy hunters, all of you that are going around pickin' little bits of doctrinal error out of everybody's eyes and dividin' the Body of Christ...get out of God's way, stop blockin' God's bridges, or God's goin' to shoot you if I don't...let Him sort out all this doctrinal doodoo!...I refuse to argue any longer with any of you out there! Don't even call me if you want to argue...Get out of my life! I don't want to talk to you...I don't want to see your ugly face!	Paul Crouch, President, Trinity Broadcasting Network
Don't think for yourself. The thinking has already been done.	Mormon leader to an audience of students
If Beethoven had been killed in a plane crash at the age of 22, it would have changed the history of music... and of aviation.	Tom Stoppards
Q: How many existentialists does it take to change a lightbulb? A: Two: One to screw it in and one to observe how the lightbulb itself symbolizes a single incandescent beacon of subjective reality in a netherworld of endless absurdity reaching out toward a maudlin cosmos of nothingness.
Q: How many Catholics does it take to change a lightbulb? A: Three, but they're really only One.
Q: How many Zionists does it take to replace a lightbulb? A: Four, one to stay home and convince someone else to do it, a second to donate the bulb, a third to screw it in, and a fourth to proclam that the entire Jewish nation stands behind their actions.
Q: How many Israeli Extremists does it take to change a lightbulb? A: Twenty Five, One to change the lightbulb, one to shoot the man that sold him the lightbulb, twenty to invade the vilage of the man who sold the lightbulb and demolish all the homes in the road he lived in, and three to denounce as anti-semitic anyone who thinks it is an over-reaction.
Q: How many Christians does it take to change a lightbulb? A: None. Though we can facilitate the change, you must remember that light can only be redeemed by the Grace of God through his only son Jesus Christ.
Q: How many existentialists does it take to change a lightbulb? A: Two: One to screw it in and one to observe how the lightbulb itself symbolizes a single incandescent beacon of subjective reality in a netherworld of endless absurdity reaching out toward a maudlin cosmos of nothingness.
Q: How many nihilists does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Who the fuck cares?
Q: How many socialists does it take to change a lightbulb? A: One to petition the Ministry of Light for a bulb, fifty to establish the state production quota, two hundred militia to force the factory unions to allow production of the bulb, and one to surreptitiously order an American lightbulb.
Q: How many sound engineers does it take to change a lightbulb? A: One-two, one-two, one-two.
Q: How many stoners does it take to change a lightbulb? A: Woah dude, so that's where the light comes from!
Q: How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb? A: Fish.
Q: How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb? A: To get to the other side.
Q: How many CIA agents does it take to change a lightbulb? A. Ten thousand: one to change the bulb, one to botch the job, and the rest to form a massive cover-up.
Q: How many committee members does it take to change a lightbulb? A: This topic was resumed from last week's discussion, but is incomplete pending resolution of some action items noted in the minutes. It will be continued next week. Meanwhile...
Q: How many Borg does it take to change a lightbulb? A: Changing lightbulbs is futile. Resistance is voltage divided by current.
Q: How many assembly language programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? A: One, but he'll have to figure out the laws of physics first, then arrange the molecules in proper order to create a new bulb.
Q: How many C++ programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? A1: As many as are required to express the different views on programming. Additional lightbulbs may get smashed to accommodate them all. A2: 3: One to write the LightbulbSocket class, one to write the Lightbulb class, and one to write the LightbulbSocket.Insert(Lightbulb&) member.
Q: How many COBOL programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? A: One. He will, however, replace your light switch by a huge lever that takes three men to operate and comes with a sign that says "PULL LEVER BACKWARD GIVING LIGHT -- PUSH LEVER FORWARD GIVING DARKNESS".
Q: How many FORTRAN programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? A: Lightbulbs are for wimps. The FORTRAN programmer puts up some landing lights from an abandoned military airfield. He is surprised when you voice complaints -- wasn't giving off light the primary function?
Q: How many Java programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? A: One, but he'll have to install what he calls a "Lightbulb Virtual Machine" that takes up half the basement. The bulb itself will be twice as big as a normal bulb, but you can control it from anywhere in the house.
Q: How many Prolog programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? A: no.
Q: How many Visual Basic programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? A: They don't know how. They have C++ programmers to change their lightbulbs. They make wonderfully decorated light switches, though.
Ask Slashdot: How many Programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? A: FIRST POST!
Q: How many lightbulbs does it take to change a lightbulb? A: One, if it knows its own Gödel number.
Q: How many gorillas does it take to change a lightbulb? A: Only one, but you need a shit-load of lightbulbs.
Friends don't let friends use iostream.h	Fruny
The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated driver.	Jay Leno
I watched a snail crawl along the edge of a straight razor. That's my dream. That's my nightmare. Crawling, slithering, along the edge of a straight... razor... and surviving	Lt Col Kurtz
Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is 0x09 
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.	Jack London
I think that God that we have created and allowed to shape our culture through, essentially Christian theology, is a pretty villainous creature. I think that one of the things that male patriarchal figure has done is, allowed under it's, his church, his wing, all kinds of corruption and villanies to grow and fester. In the name of God terrible wars have been waged, in the name of that God terrible sexism has been allowed to spread. There are children being born all across this world that don't have enough food to eat because that God, at least his church, tells the mothers and fathers that they must procreate at all costs, and to prevent procreation with a condom is in controvention with his laws.	Clive Barker
Now, I don't believe that God exists. I think that God is creation of men, by men, and for men. What has happened over the many centuries now, the better part of two thousand in fact, is that God has been slowly and steadily accruing power. His church has been accruing power, and the men who run that church, and they are all men, are not about to give it up. If they give it up, they give up luxury, they give up comfort. I'm not saying that it's true of all of them, some of them are working leper colonies and doing extraordinary works in the name of that God. That's a paradox which we probably shouldn't be discussing now, but I'm aware of that. But I'm also aware that there are a lot of very powerful, corrupt men enjoying the power that this tradition, patriarchal tradition, has confered upon them.	Clive Barker
The very concept of sin comes from the bible. Christianity offers to solve a problem of its own making! Would you be thankful to a person who cut you with a knife in order to sell you a bandage?	Dan Barker
I do understand what love is, and that is one of the reasons I can never again be a Christian. Love is not self denial. Love is not blood and suffering. Love is not murdering your son to appease your own vanity. Love is not hatred or wrath, consigning billions of people to eternal torture because they have offended your ego or disobeyed your rules. Love is not obedience, conformity, or submission. It is a counterfeit love that iscontingent upon authority, punishment, or reward. True love is respect and admiration, compassion and kindness, freely given by a healthy, unafraid human being.	Dan Barker
I have something to say to the religionist who feels atheists never say anything positive: You are an intelligent human being. Your life is valuable for its own sake. You are not second-class in the universe, deriving meaning and purpose from some other mind. You are not inherently evil--you are inherently human, possessing the positive rational potential to help make this a world of morality, peace and joy. Trust yourself.	Dan Barker
There is joy in rationality, happiness in clarity of mind. Freethought is thrilling and fulfilling--absolutely essential to mental health and happiness.
The longer I have been an atheist, the more amazed I am that I ever believed Christian notions.	Dan Barker
Not thinking critically, I assumed that the "successful" prayers were proof that God answers prayer while the failures were proof that there was something wrong with me.	Dan Barker
Without "The Law of Moses" would we all be wandering around like little gods, stealing, raping, and spilling blood whenever our vanity was offended?	Dan Barker
You believe in a book that has talking animals, wizards, witches, demons, sticks turning into snakes, food falling from the sky, people walking on water, and all sorts of magical, absurd and primitive stories, and you say that _we_ are the ones that need help?	Dan Barker
One of the many burdens of the person professing Christianity has always been the odium likely to be heaped upon him by fellow Christians quick to smell out, denounce and punish fraud, hypocrisy and general unworthiness among those who assert the faith. In ruder days, disputes about what constituted a fully qualified Christian often led to sordid quarrels in which the disputants tortured, burned and hanged each other in the conviction that torture, burning and hanging were Christian things to do...	Russell Baker
I never accepted religion so I had nothing to reject as such. The history of 'Christiansanity' (my own coinage of which I am proud!) is so brutal of mind, emotions, freedom, progress, science, and all that I hold precious, that by any standards of justice its leaders in almost any given period would be incarcerated for life, or worse!	Madison Arnold
If it turns out that there is a God, I don't think that he's evil. But the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever.	Woody Allen
In an age when flamboyantly gay characters are sitcom staples, a Jew was but a few flutters of a butterfly wing away from being in line for the presidency and women account for a record-smiting 13 percent of the Senate, nothing seems as despised, illicit and un-American as atheism.	Nataline Angler, journalist/author
Society bends over backward to be accommodating to religious sensibilities but not to other kinds of sensibilities. If I say something offensive to religious people, I'll be universally censured, including by many atheists. But if I say something insulting about Democrats or Republicans or the Green Party, one is allowed to get away with that. Hiding behind the smoke screen of untouchability is something religions have been allowed to get away with for too long.	Richard Dawkins
 In one classic study, sociologists at the University of Washington compared students who were part of the "Jesus people" movement with a comparable group of professed atheists and found that atheists were no more likely to cheat on tests than were Christians and no less likely to volunteer at a hospital for the mentally disabled. Recent data compiled on the religious views among federal prisoners show that nonbelievers account for less than 1 percent of the total, significantly lower than for America as a whole. Admittedly, some of those true-believing inmates may have converted post-incarceration, but the data that exist in no way support the notion that atheism promotes criminal behavior.
PB: Isn't believing in God like wearing chain mail? O: In that it protects you from being lanced? PB: [Laughs.] In that you just don't do it anymore.
If you believe that [evolution is false] then you must reject most of modern science, all of modern biology, most of medicine, and large amounts of technology that are used to produce the food you eat every day. You may as well try to tell me that the world is flat. It's an equally preposterous claim. I will not respond to you if you send me email, telephone me, or fax me about this. Life is too short.	Rodney Brooks, AI Researcher
But He loves you. He loves you, and He needs money! He always needs money! He's all-powerful, all-perfect, all-knowing, and all-wise, somehow just can't handle money! Religion takes in billions of dollars, they pay no taxes, and they always need a little more. Now, you talk about a good bullshit story. Holy Shit!	George Carlin
But I want you to know something, this is sincere, I want you to know, when it comes to believing in God, I really tried. I really, really tried. I tried to believe that there is a God, who created each of us in His own image and likeness, loves us very much, and keeps a close eye on things. I really tried to believe that, but I gotta tell you, the longer you live, the more you look around, the more you realize, something is fucked up.	George Carlin
Sun worship is fairly simple. There's no mystery, no miracles, no pageantry, no one asks for money, there are no songs to learn, and we don't have a special building where we all gather once a week to compare clothing. And the best thing about the sun, it never tells me I'm unworthy. Doesn't tell me I'm a bad person who needs to be saved. Hasn't said an unkind word. Treats me fine. So, I worship the sun. But, I don't pray to the sun. Know why? I wouldn't presume on our friendship. It's not polite.	George Carlin
And here's something else, another problem you might have: Suppose your prayers aren't answered. What do you say? "Well, it's God's will." "Thy Will Be Done." Fine, but if it's God's will, and He's going to do what He wants to anyway, why the fuck bother praying in the first place? Seems like a big waste of time to me! Couldn't you just skip the praying part and go right to His Will? It's all very confusing.	George Carlin
So to get around a lot of this, I decided to worship the sun. But, as I said, I don't pray to the sun. You know who I pray to? Joe Pesci. Two reasons: First of all, I think he's a good actor, okay? To me, that counts. Second, he looks like a guy who can get things done. Joe Pesci doesn't fuck around. In fact, Joe Pesci came through on a couple of things that God was having trouble with.	George Carlin
And for those of you who look to The Bible for moral lessons and literary qualities, I might suggest a couple of other stories for you. You might want to look at the Three Little Pigs, that's a good one. Has a nice happy ending, I'm sure you'll like that. Then there's Little Red Riding Hood, although it does have that X-rated part where the Big Bad Wolf actually eats the grandmother. Which I didn't care for, by the way.	George Carlin
Having a reasonable grounding in statistics and probability and no belief in luck, fate, karma, or god(s), the only casino game that interests me is blackjack.	John Carmack, id software
Our scientists can see stars that have been dead for a billion years; they can document microscopic bacteria that concluded their brief lives on earth eons ago. But of God we have no trace, except for the testimony of scribes writing of events neither they nor those around them ever witnessed--and the faith of millions of people who have managed to convince themselves that he lives and reigns somewhere in the sky.	Stephen Chapman, columnist
You can see that in the polls too. I was just looking at a study by an American sociologist (published in England) of comparative religious attitudes in various countries. The figures are shocking. Three quarters of the American population literally believe in religious miracles. The numbers who believe in the devil, in resurrection, in God doing this and that -- it's astonishing. These numbers aren't duplicated anywhere else in the industrial world. You'd have to maybe go to mosques in Iran or do a poll among old ladies in Sicily to get numbers like this. Yet this is the American population.	Noam Chomsky, founder of modern lingustics
That "religion is inherently irrational" is surely true. Why one set of beliefs that are offered without argument or evidence rather than another?	Noam Chomsky, founder of modern linguistics
The Bible is not a historical text, and has only vague resemblances to what took place, as far as can be reconstructed.	Noam Chomsky, founder of modern linguistics
No, I don't see any benefit in religion, other than the wearing of priest's robes makes paedophiles easier to identify.	Chumbawamba
My point is that the survival mechanism that makes children's brains believe what they're told -- for good reason -- is automatically vulnerable to parasitic codes such as "You must believe in the great juju in the sky," or "You must kneel down and face east and pray five times a day." These codes are then passed down through generations.	Richard Dawkins
The kindly God who lovingly fashioned each and every one of us and sprinkled the sky with shining stars for our delight -- that God is, like Santa Claus, a myth of childhood, not anything a sane, undeluded adult could literally believe in. That God must either be turned into a symbol for something less concrete or abandoned altogether Daniel Bennett, author/philosopher
God is a verb, not a noun.	Micky Dolenz
By the time you've 'modernised' something like Christianity - starting off with 'Genesis was all just poetry' and ending up with 'Well, of course there's no such thing as a personal God' - there's not much point pretending that there's anything religious left. You might as well come clean and admit that you're an atheist with certain values, which are historical, cultural, biological, and personal in origin, and have nothing to do with anything called God.	Greg Egan
Christ died for our sins. Dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not committing them?	Jules Feiffer, editorial cartoonist
Being an atheist is a matter not of moral choice, but of human obligation.	John Fowles
Organized religions and their dogmas only serve to indoctrinate the participants into sheeplike common behaviors. This type of blind assimilation promotes the popularity of top-forty count down radio stations and movie sequels. Skepticism towards groups, holy or otherwise, is enriching and makes you a far more entertaning person	Janeane Garofalo
I remember, even when I was growing up a little kid, it all seemed, especially the Christian version -- arbitrary. That the entire universe would be created, and the system that was set up was: you could actually lead a perfectly good life, and a life organized around good deeds and caring for others, and yet if you simply didn't accept Jesus himself, the Creator of the Universe would feel so vengeful about that you'd be condemned to an eternity of torture. It just seemed like a really weird system. Like what difference would it make to the Creator of Everything?	Ira Glass, radio host
I understand now why the Catholic Church fought so hard to keep the Bible in Latin. If no one knows what it says, no one can question what it says. And almost anything sounds pretty in Latin. But if you read the entire Bible, not just prized snippets, you realize that it is a primitive, brutally violent, bigoted book. It stinks.	Judith Hayes
An atheist doesn't have to be someone who thinks he has a proof that there can't be a god.  He only has to be someone who believes that the evidence on the God question is at a similar level to the evidence on the werewolf question.	John McCarthy, AI researcher and inventor of LISP
God is a crutch for weak persons, who are unable to face the reality and who always want to remain a child. An adult human being should not need this false support.	Ramendra Nath, Indian philosopher and author
I hereby state my opinion that the notion of a god is a basic superstition and that there is no evidence for the existence of any god(s). Further, devils, demons, angels and saints are myths; there is no life after death, no heaven or hell; the Pope is a dangerous, bigoted, medieval dinosaur, and the Holy Ghost is a comic-book character worthy of laughter and derision. I accuse the Christian god of murder by allowing the Holocaust to take place--not to mention the 'ethnic cleansing' presently being performed by Christians in our world -- and I condemn and vilify this mythical deity for encouraging racial prejudice and commanding the degradation of women.	James Randi, violating anti-blasphemy laws in 7 US states "that have remained in the Dark Ages."
I do not need the idea of God to explain the world I live in.	Salman Rushdie
God, Satan, Paradise, and Hell all vanished one day in my fifteenth year, when I quite abruptly lost my faith. ..and afterwards, to prove my new-found atheism, I bought myself a rather tasteless ham sandwich, and so partook for the first time of the forbidden flesh of the swine. No thunderbolt arrived to strike me down. [...] From that day to this I have thought of myself as a wholly secular person.	Salman Rushdie
Once people get hung up on theology, they've lost sanity forever. More people have been killed in the name of Jesus Christ than any other name in the history of the world.	Gore Vidal, author
I'm a born-again atheist	Gore Vidal
Like God, nuclear weapons are free creations of the human mind. Unlike God, nuclear weapons are real.	Martin Amis, author
I'll never get used to cute progressives referring to God as "she" or "it," because I know from every aspect of Catholic training that I received that God is an angry, vengeful M-A-N.	Susie Bright, Writer/Sex Expert/Anti-censorship Activist
I was very disturbed when Jesus found a demon in a guy, and he put the demon in a herd of pigs, then sent them off a cliff. What did the pigs do? I could never figure that out. It just seemed very un-Christian. Technically, I'm an agnostic, but I definitely believe in hell -- especially after watching the fall TV schedule.	Matt Groening, creator of The Simpsons
The concept is that Jesus Christ, through the Father, Son and Holy Spirit experienced life-the human form. Well, what I find quite inexplicable is that he could suckle at a woman's breast yet not soil his dinky by having sex!	Tori Amos
Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad hoc informally-specified bug-ridden slow implementation of half of Common Lisp.	Philip Greenspun
I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish church, by the Roman church, by the Greek church, by the Turkish church, by the Protestant church, nor by any church that I know of...Each of those churches accuse the other of unbelief; and for my own part, I disbelieve them all.	Thomas Paine
The Christian priesthood, finding the doctrines of Christ levelled to every understanding and too plain to need explanation, saw, in the mysticisms of Plato, materials with which they might build up an artificial system which might, from its indistinctness, admit everlasting controversy, give employment for their order, and introduce it to profit, power, and pre-eminence. The doctrines which flowed from the lips of Jesus himself are within the comprehension of a child; but thousands of volumes have not yet explained the Platonisms engrafted on them: and for this obvious reason that nonsense can never be explained.	Thomas Jefferson
The day will come when the mystical generation of Jesus, by the supreme being as his father in the womb of a virgin, will be classed with the fable of the generation of Minerva in the brain of Jupiter.	Thomas Jefferson
Religious bondage shackles and debilitates the mind and unfits it for every noble enterprise.	James Madison, 4th US president
I took an aspirin and prayed to God, and my headache disappeared. So God cured me of the headache.
Fortunately, I live in the United States of America, where we are gradually coming to understand that nothing we do is ever our fault, especially if it is really stupid.	Dave Barry
If it weren't for the killings, Washington would have one of the lowest crime rates in the country.	Marion Barry, mayor
USA Today has come out with a new survey: Apparently three out of four people make up 75 percent of the population.	David Letterman
I'm desperately trying to figure out why kamikaze pilots wore helmets.	Dave Edison
The pen is mightier than the sword, and considerably easier to write with.	Marty Feldman
I'm not afraid to die. I just don't want to be there when it happens.	Woody Allen
The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it.	George Bernhard Shaw
As yet, Bernard Shaw hasn't become prominent enough to have any enemies, but none of his friends like him.	Oscar Wilde
It is better to incinerate someone with a flame thrower than to curse the darkness.	Al Foo
Once a child reaches the point where they're graduating highschool, they'll be measured for intelligence (no, not highschool aptitude tests or the other standardized test bullshit; actual quantifiable measures of how little this person is going to fuck up society by existing). This will be called the "Liver's license". It's similar in nature to a "Driver's license". If you don't have a driver's license, you're not allowed to drive.	Etnu
Keep your Jesus off my penis: http://www.ericschwartz.com/dashboard/avgallery/media12/JP_Full2.wmv
How many pornographers does it take to change a light bulb? 4. One fluffer, one director, one to screw in the lightbuld and one to get the close-up shots.
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine. However, this is not necessarily a good idea. It is hard to be sure where they are going to land, and it could be dangerous sitting under them as they fly overhead.	RFC 1925
Every great advance in natural knowledge has involved the absolute rejection of authority.	Thomas Huxley
Give a man a fish, he owes you one fish. Teach a man to fish, you give up your monopoly on fisheries.	Junior J. Junior, Slashdot signature
Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we.	George W. Bush, 05.08.2004
There is no monument dedicated to the memory of a committee.	Lester J Pourciau
War isn't about who's right. It's about who's left.
What does an Open Source programmer say when someone hands him a five dollar bill? 'Would you like fries with that?'
Facts are meaningless. You could use facts to prove anything that's even remotely true.	Homer J. Simpson
The far-right wing of the country—nearly one third of us by some estimates—continues to regard all who refuse to drink the Kool-Aid (liberals, rationalists, Europeans, et cetera) as agents of Satan. Bush could show up on video canoodling with Paris Hilton and still bank their vote. Right-wing talking heads continue painting anyone who fails to genuflect deeply enough as a "hater," and therefore a nut job, probably a crypto-Islamist car bomber. But these protestations have taken on a hysterical, almost comically desperate tone. It's one thing to get trashed by Michael Moore. But when Nobel laureates, a vast majority of the scientific community, and a host of current and former diplomats, intelligence operatives, and military officials line up against you, it becomes increasingly difficult to characterize the opposition as fringe wackos.	Ron Reagan
a staff member at Fox News—the cable-TV outlet of the Bush White House—told me a year ago that mere mention of bin Laden's name was forbidden within the company, lest we be reminded that the actual bad guy remained at large	Ron Reagan
Bush apologists can smilingly excuse his malopropisms and vagueness as the plainspokenness of a man of action, but watching Bush flounder when attempting to communicate extemporaneously, one is left with the impression that he is ineloquent not because he can't speak but because he doesn't bother to think.	Ron Reagan
If ever there was a time for uniting and not dividing, this is it. Instead, Mr. Bush governs as if by divine right, seeming to actually believe that a wise God wants him in the White House and that by constantly evoking the horrible memory of September 11, 2001, he can keep public anxiety stirred up enough to carry him to another term.	Ron Reagan
I write and speak as nothing more or less than an American citizen, one who is plenty angry about the direction our country is being dragged by the current administration. We have reached a critical juncture in our nation's history, one ripe with both danger and possibility. We need leadership with the wisdom to prudently confront those dangers and the imagination to boldly grasp the possibilities. Beyond issues of fiscal irresponsibility and ill-advised militarism, there is a question of trust. George W. Bush and his allies don't trust you and me. Why on earth, then, should we trust them?	Ron Reagan
Fortunately, we still live in a democratic republic. The Bush team cannot expect a cabal of right-wing justices to once again deliver the White House. Come November 2, we will have a choice: We can embrace a lie, or we can restore a measure of integrity to our government. We can choose, as a bumper sticker I spotted in Seattle put it, SOMEONE ELSE FOR PRESIDENT.	Ron Reagan
George W. Bush will go down in history as America's worst environmental president. In a ferocious three-year attack, the Bush administration has initiated more than 200 major rollbacks of America's environmental laws, weakening the protection of our country's air, water, public lands and wildlife.	Robert F Kennedy Jr
Most born-again Christians tend to have the mentality of someone born yesterday. 	Al Foo
PAT Boone says he'll never watch CBS again because '60 Minutes II' aired images of the Abu Ghraib prison abuse. The squeaky-clean crooner claims that showing those pictures has made the U.S. more of a target than ever. 'For me, CBS has become "the enemy within," and I hope never to watch the network again,' Boone wrote in a letter to conservative NewsMax.com.
I must admit, there is a part of me that secretly wishes to see George W Bush win the 2004 election. This, of course, is the same part that likes to see disasters unfold in disaster movies: the same part that wishes that the bad guy gets away with his evil master plan.	Al Foo
Any woman who thinks the way to a man's heart is through his stomach is aiming about 10 inches too high.	Adrienne E. Gusoff
Evilution (n) 1. The worldwide Communist - Satanist - Free-Silver - Unionist - Sadist supersecret cabal and conspiracy to remove morals and respect for God from human society using biological science concepts that very few people understand anyway. At the last announcement, it cost $20 (payable to Ybloc Sirhc) just to get the membership application information to join the conspiracy. One wonders how this plot can succeed where Envy, Pride, Sloth, Gluttony, Avarice, Lust, and the other one no one remembers failed to do the trick.	TO Jargon File
Apatheist (n) 1. One who couldn't care less whether there is a god or not.	TO Jargon File
Argument from Ignorance (np) [FAQ] 1. An argument which arrogates omniscience to the arguer, who claims that because he or she cannot postulate a mechanism for a phenomenon that no such mechanism can exist. Omniscience is not an attribute of any current or past participants on talk.origins or the Evolution Echo, so those employing the AfI are usually met with much skepticism or flames.	TO Jargon File
Argument from Authority (np) 1. An argument of the form "the proposition X must be true because Y, a recognized authority, says it is true," as a substitute for actual evaluation of X. In conjunction with other evidence, the argument can help support a conclusion by demonstrating that others have come to the same result. Often involves quoting the "authority" in a field outside of their actual field of expertise. (d) The authority actually is speaking on a topic well outside his field of expertise.	TO Jargon File
Argument from Infinite Digression (np) 1. Style of argumentation which relies upon endlessly claiming faults on the part of one's correspondent on irrelevant or non sequitur points, and consistently refusing to support any claims made. Calls to support a previously made point make for new points of digressive departure, especially via claiming that the correspondent made his statement due to improper assumptions.	TO Jargon File
Argumentum ad Assertion Allopecia (np) 1. The argument that what one says is self-evidently, irrefutably true, and therefore one need provide no supporting evidence. Often combined with Argumentum ad CAPSLOCK, and/or as the opening shot in a round of A rgumentum ad Assertion Repetitio ad Nauseam.	TO Jargon File
Argumentum ad Assertion Repetitio ad Nauseam (np) 1. Argument premised on the basis that any assertion repeated often enough is, perforce, true. This rhetorical mode is a frequent companion of Argumentum ad CAPSLOCK, or denigrations of correspondents. There exists great variability in the frequency and timing of the repetitions.	TO Jargon File
Argumentum ad CAPSLOCK (np) 1. The LACING of prose text with capitalization used as a HIGHLIGHTING method to demonstrate the INNATE SUPERIORITY of one's own logic over those whose TOUCH-TYPING abilities are WEAKER.	TO Jargon File
Ad hominem argument (np) [FAQ] 1. An argument which relies upon denigrating the opponent and then asserting or implying that such an unworthy arguer could not have a valid argument. "Gould is a Marxist, and thus we can ignore punctuated equilibria," would be an example of an ad hominem argument. Of course, Gould's personal politics have nothing at all to do with the validity of his arguments concerning punctuated equilibria. 	TO Jargon File
Balesian inference (np) 1. Mode of argumentation which relies upon reference to evidence in a previous post, which in fact was never posted, or to a future post to appear Real Soon Now, which will, in fact, never be posted. At some point, particular claims which were once claimed to be answered in a soon to be posted message are thereafter claimed to have been already answered in a past post.	TO Jargon File
CWACK acronym, "Christians Who Aren't Creationist Kooks"	TO Jargon File
False dichotomy (np) 1. The principle that since no one brought apples to the picnic, pears must have been brought instead. Actually, though, everyone brought potato salad exclusively. An interesting example of an attempted false dichotomy usage was at the 1981 Arkansas Act 590 trial, where one of the lawyers for Arkansas, whose name was Wilson, tried to get Francisco Ayala to agree with the "two-model" argument. Ayala replied, "My name is not not-Mr. Williams. This courtroom is filled with people whose names are not not-Mr. Williams."	TO Jargon File
Falsifiable (adj) 1. As prescribed by Karl Popper, the property which is required for a theory(1) to be scientific. There must be some test which can be performed that will indicate that the theory is wrong. For example, the flat-Earth theory can be falsified by circumnavigating the planet; the theory is thus scientific, although falsified. Despite recent SciCre legal and propaganda tactics, evolution is falsifiable.	TO Jargon File
Gap theory (np) 1. A theory that assigns God as the explanation for anything that science cannot (yet) completely explain -- such as the origin of life on Earth, or the "cause" of certain quantum events. The problem with gap theory, from a theological point of view, is that God keeps getting smaller and smaller as science explains more things -- a few hundred years ago, God was the cause of weather and disease and any number of other day-to-day events, but now He can act only in the distant past or in ways indistiguishable from the actions of random processes.	TO Jargon File
God Of The Gaps (n) A deity that is employed by its believers whenever they don't understand something. Some TAEs cling to that god, and they see with horror that the more you understand, the less gaps are left for it to live in, so they prefer understanding as little as possible.	TO Jargon File
Gosse Assertion, The (np) 1. The belief that a creator created the universe and life by fiat, but with the "appearance of age". Rightly rejected by most theologically astute persons as libelous or blasphemous. Gosse was the author of "Omphalos" (navel), where this assertion was given its fullest treatment.	TO Jargon File
Invisible Pink Unicorn, The (np) 1. A meta-symbol for replacement of any supernatural agent forwarded in an explanation of origins or descent, where the argument depends upon the unknowable nature of the supernatural agent. 2. Horrible, blasphemous non sequitur forwarded by desperate evilutionists. 	TO Jargon File
Last- Thursdayism (np) 1. The assertion that all existence sprang into being this past Thursday, with all memories of sentient beings created in situ. cf. The Gosse Assertion. Variants replace "Thursday" and "Last" with other time symbols and relation modifiers.	TO Jargon File
Non sequitur (np) 1. A response which does not address the main issue in contention. An artful use of non sequitur allows one to divert attention from a disastrous train of discussion at the modest expense of one's intellectual integrity. From the Latin, "It does not follow." 2. Improper inference based on premises necessary, but not sufficient, for justification of the conclusion claimed. The conclusion is asserted to follow without the specification of the complete line of logic needed to establish the implication.	TO Jargon File
Quick Frozen Mammoths (np) [FAQ] 1. A myth originating from the discovery of mammoth cadavers mummified by ice/snow/cold. 2. Flash- frozen beasties (verified by Bird's Eye Frozen Foods Division), that prove that Earth orbited Saturn, or that Venus whipped by, or something. [conn., Ted Holden]	TO Jargon File
Scientific storkism (n) 1. The theory that human babies are delivered by the stork. It must be true, it's what my parents told me. The theory may be invoked as a counter to argument from authority.	TO Jargon File
Sex (n) 1. Sexual reproduction. 2. The activities that organisms engage in for the purpose of sexual reproduction. 3. Judging by the number of divine laws relating to it, an obsession of certain deities.	TO Jargon File
Strawman Argument (np) 1. Stating a misrepresented version of an opponent's argument for the purpose of having an easier target to knock down. A common, but deprecated, mode of argument.	TO Jargon File
Theory (n) 1. A statement which proposes a natural mechanism for a phenomenon, where the mechanism is amenable to test, provides explanatory and predictive power, is conditionally held on review of further observations and experiment, and has accumulated supporting observations and experimental results. [den., science] 2. Just a guess. [conn., SciCre]	TO Jargon File
Watchmaker Analogy (n) A cunning argument saying that living beings can't generate without a creator because they are like watches, and watches can't.	TO Jargon File
Let me try to make crystal clear what is established beyond reasonable doubt, and what needs further study, about evolution. Evolution as a process that has always gone on in the history of the earth can be doubted only by those who are ignorant of the evidence or are resistant to evidence, owing to emotional blocks or to plain bigotry. By contrast, the mechanisms that bring evolution about certainly need study and clarification. There are no alternatives to evolution as history that can withstand critical examination. Yet we are constantly learning new and important facts about evolutionary mechanisms.	Theodosius Dobzhansky
Today, nearly all biologists acknowledge that evolution is a fact. The term theory is no longer appropriate except when referring to the various models that attempt to explain how life evolves... it is important to understand that the current questions about how life evolves in no way implies any disagreement over the fact of evolution.	Neil A Campbell
In the beginning there was nothing. God said, 'Let there be light!' And there was light. There was still nothing, but you could see it a whole lot better.	Ellen DeGeneres
Nobody in the game of football should be called a genius. A genius is somebody like Norman Einstein.	Joe Theismann
I am woman hear me roar....meoww
If you were to map the internet like a galaxy, Slashdot would be tucked over in the corner next to the obscene jokes and well stuff involving well hung midgets and horny lonely housewives.	Mysticalfruit, slashdot
Microsoft could release a patch that just by installing would cure world hunger and shrink maligant tumors and the headline on Slashdot would be "Microsoft distrupts food distribution and healthcare systems worldwide!"	Mysticalfruit, slashdot
Conservatives, I suppose, were children once.
Linux has convinced a whole generation that they can be progressive by being reactionary.
I find it rather easy to portray a businessman. Being bland, rather cruel and incompetent comes naturally to me.	John Cleese
Sometime they'll give a war and nobody will come.	Carl Sandburg
A short saying oft contains much wisdom.	Sophocles
I've seen people try it.  They store their code on a file server.  Everyone uses Windows file sharing and edits the source files in place.  When somebody wants to edit main.cpp, they shout across the hall and ask if anybody else is using that file.  Their Ethernet is saturated most of the time because the developers are actually compiling on their network drives.  When we sell our source control tool to someone in this situation, I feel like an ER doctor.  I go home that night with a feeling of true contentment, because I know that I have saved a life.	Eric Sink, CEO of Sourcegear
Churchill suggested chemical weapons be used "against recalcitrant Arabs as an experiment". He said, "I do not understand this squeamishness about the use of gas. I am strongly in favour of using poison gas against uncivilized tribes. The moral effects should be good, and it would spread a lively terror."
Creating a source control repository is kind of a special event.  It's a little bit like adopting a cat.  People often get a cat without realizing the animal is going to be around for 10-20 years.  Your repository may have similar longevity, or even longer.	Eric Sink, Sourcegear CEO
I made Eraserhead just to see how strange I can make a movie.	David Lynch
Homer: Lisa, if the Bible has taught us nothing else, and it hasn't, it's that girls should stick to girls sports, such as hot oil wrestling and foxy boxing and such and such.	Homer Simpson
Homer: The lesson is: Our God is vengeful! O spiteful one, show me who to smite and they shall be smoten.
Marge: Homer, you don't have to pray outloud. Homer: But he's way the hell up there!
Ned Flanders: They've broken every commandment except one. Carl: Hey Lenny, covet some chili fries? Lenny: You bet. Ned Flanders: That's it. The whole shebang.
I'm not a bad guy! I work hard, and I love my kids. So why should I spend half my Sunday hearing about how I'm going to Hell?	Homer Simpsons
Christmas is a time when people of all religions come together to worship Jesus Christ. 	Bart Simpson
By the 7 arms of Visnu, I swear it. I am not a Hindu.	Apu
Lisa, Vampires are make-believe, like elves, gremlins, and eskimos.	Homer Simpson
I'll keep it short and sweet -- Family. Religion. Friendship. These are the three demons you must slay if you wish to succeed in business.	Mr Burns
How is education supposed to make me feel smarter? Besides, every time I learn something new, it pushes some old stuff out of my brain. Remember when I took that home winemaking course, and I forgot how to drive?	Homer Simpson
You don't like your job, you don't strike. You go in every day and do it really half-assed. That's the American way.	Homer Simpson
What a day, eh, Milhouse? The sun is out, birds are singing, bees are trying to have sex with them -- as is my understanding ..	Bart Simpson
A woman is a lot like a refrigerator.  6 feet tall, 300 pounds ... it makes ice.	Homer Simpson
Facts are meaningless. You could use facts to prove anything that's even remotely true!	Homer Simpson
Because you need me, Springfield. Your guilty conscience may force you to vote Democratic, but deep down inside you secretly long for a cold-hearted Republican to lower taxes, brutalize criminals, and rule you like a king. That's why I did this: to protect you from yourselves. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a city to run.	Sideshow Bob
Remember that postcard Grandpa sent us from Florida of that Alligator biting that woman's bottom? That's right, we all thought it was hilarious. But, it turns out we were wrong. That alligator was sexually harrassing that woman.	Homer Simpson
How could you?! Haven't you learned anything from that guy who gives those sermons at church? Captain Whatshisname? We live in a society of laws! Why do you think I took you to all those Police Academy movies? For fun? Well, I didn't hear anybody laughing, did you? Except at that guy who made sound effects. Makes sound effects and laughs. Where was I? Oh yeah! Stay out of my booze.	Homer Simpson
Then we figured out we could just park them in front of the TV. That's how I was raised and I turned out TV.	Homer Simpson
Marge, there's an empty spot I've always had inside me. I tried to fill it with family, religion, community service, but those were dead ends! I think this chair is the answer.	Homer Simpson
The problem in the world today is communication. Too much communication.	Homer Simpson
I feel that if a gun is good enough to protect something as important as a bar, then its good enough to protect my family.	Homer Simpson
Mom, romance is dead. It was acquired in a hostile takeover by Hallmark and Disney, homogenized, and sold off piece by piece.	Lisa Simpson
Just miles from your doorstep, hundreds of men are given weapons and trained to kill. The government calls it the Army, but a more alarmist name would be... The Killbot Factory.	Kent Brockman
Laywer: Well, what about that tatoo on your chest? Doesn't it say Die, Bart, Die? Sideshow Bob: No, that's German for 'The Bart, The."Parole Judge: No one who speaks German can be an evil man! Parole Granted!
Me fail English? That's unpossible.	Ralph Wiggum
Hello. I'm Leonard Nimoy. The following tale of alien encounters is true. And by true, I mean false. It's all lies. But they're entertaining lies. And in the end, isn't that the real truth? The answer is: No.
Gentoo, for when 13 hours of your time is worth more than the 0.1 nanoseconds your CPU saves during use.
The most fanatical advocates of Linux do not seem to realize that, without Microsoft, Intel and the resulting 200 million compatible PCs, without the $500 400-MHz systems with a complete operating system, there would be no Linux to speak of. The entire computer world, Microsoft groupies and Microsoft haters, is riding on the coattails of Microsoft.	Bertrand Meyer
Now go and smite Amalek, and utterly destroy all that they have, and spare them not; but slay both man and woman, infant and suckling, ox and sheep, camel and ass.	God, according to I Sam.15:2-3
..the LORD smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt...	 Ex. 12:29
But those mine enemies, which would not that I should reign over them, bring hither, and slay them before me.	Jesus Christ, according to Luke 19:27
And I will kill her children with death...	Jesus Christ, according to Rev. 2:23
And as for those who disbelieve and reject Our Signs, they are the people of Hell.	Allah, according to the Quran, 5:11
The only reward of those, who wage war against ALLAH and HIS Messenger and strive to create disorder in the land, is that they be slain or crucified or their hands and feet be cut off on account of their enmity, or they be expelled from the land. That shall be a disgrace for them in this world, and in the Hereafter they shall have a great punishment.	Allah, according to the Quran, 5:34
For the man is not of the woman; but the woman of the man. Neither was the man created for the woman; but the woman for the man.	Paul, I Corinthians 11:8-9
Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience, as also saith the law. And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church.	Paul, I Corinthians 14:34-35
But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence.	Paul, I Tim 2:12
Bow your heads to your husbands--and that will be ornament enough for you. Keep your hands busy with spinning and stay at home--and you will be more pleasing than if you were adorned in gold. Dress yourselves in the silk of probity, the fine linen of holiness, and the purple of chastity. Decked out in this manner, you will have God Himself for your lover.	Tertullian, about women
Nothing is so much to be shunned as sex relations.	St Augustine
Kill them all, God will recognize his own.	Arnald-Amalric, 1208 (when asked by the Crusaders what to do with the citizens of Beziers who were a mixture of Catholics and Cathars)
We come to conquer this land by his [King of Spain] command, that all may come to a knowledge of God and of His Holy Catholic Faith; and by reason of our good mission, God, the Creator of heaven and earth and of all things in them, permits this, in order that you may know Him and come out from the bestial and diabolical life that you lead.... Our Lord permitted that your pride should be brought low and that no Indian should be able to offend a Christian.	Spanish conquistador, Francisco Pizarro to the Inca emperor Atahuallpa at Peru in 1532 (quoted from Jared Diamod's "Guns, Germs, and Steel")
If a man is in open rebellion, everyone is both his judge and his executioner. . . Therefore, let everyone who can, smite, slay, and stab, secretly or openly, remembering that nothing can be more poisonous, hurtful, or devilish than a rebel. It is just as when one must kill a mad dog.	Martin Luther (Against the Robbing and Murdering Hordes of Peasants, 1525)
Christ wants to slay reason and subdue the arrogance of the Jews.	Martin Luther (Sermons on the Gospel of St. John, Luther's Works, V.22, p.320)
A woman has no control over herself.	Martin Luther (Letter to Several Nuns, 6 Aug. 1524)
We are at fault in not slaying them [the Jews].	Martin Luther (On the Jews and their lies, 1543)
Who will venture to place the authority of Copernicus above that of the Holy Spirit?	John Calvin, citing Psalm 93:1 in his Commentary on Genesis]
The natural and proper timidity and delicacy which belongs to the female sex evidently unfits it for many of the occupations of civil life....The paramount destiny and mission of women are to fulfill the noble and benign office of wife and mother. This is the law of the Creator.	Supreme Court, 1873, upholding an Illinois law which prohibited women from becoming attorneys
Why, of course the people don't want war... but, after all, it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy, and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along, whether it is a democracy, or a fascist dictatorship, or a parliament or a communist dictatorship... voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is to tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger	Hermann Goering, Nazi Commander, April 18, 1946 (Nuremberg Diary, by Gustave Gilbert)
We, the Order of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, reverentially acknowledge the majesty and supremacy of Almighty God and recognise His goodness and providence through Jesus Christ our Lord.	Ku Klux Klan creed (from the Constitution and Laws of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan )
A woman cannot be a priest because our Lord was a man.	Pope Paul VI, 1977
God has revealed to me that those doing battle for Allah and our country and meet death will immediately go to Heaven.	Ayatollah Khomeini
Evolution is a bankrupt speculative philosophy, not a scientific fact. Only a spiritually bankrupt society could ever believe it. ... Only atheists could accept this Satanic theory.	Jimmy Swaggart
The idea that religion and politics don't mix was invented by the Devil to keep Christians from running their own country.	Jerry Falwell
I hope I live to see the day when, as in the early days of our country, we won't have any public schools. The churches will have taken them over again and Christians will be running them. What a happy day that will be!	Jerry Faalwell
I believe this notion of the separation of church and state was the figment of some infidel's imagination.	Rev. W. A. Criswell (Dallas, 1984)
A man can have sex with animals such as sheep, cows, camels and so on. However he should kill the animal after he has his orgasm. He should not sell the meat to the people in his own village, however selling the meat to the next door village should be fine.	Ayatollah Khomeini, Tahrirolvasyleh, fourth volume, Darol Elm, Gom, Iran, 1990.
I imagine every Christian would agree that we need to remove humanism from the public schools. There is only one way to accomplish this: Abolish the public schools.	The Reverend Robert L. Thoburn
Screw the Buddhists and kill the Muslims.	Henry Jordan, South Carolina board of education (when another board member said the displaying of the Ten Commandments in public schools might offend students of other religions)
I really believe that the pagans, and the abortionists, and the feminists, and the gays and the lesbians who are actively trying to make that an alternative lifestyle, the ACLU, People For the American Way - all of them who have tried to secularize America - I point the finger in their face and say "you helped this happen."	Jerry Falwell (13 Sep. 2001 on the Christian Broadcasting Network explaining who helped in the World Trade Center & Pentagon tragedy.)
I know what I'm doing when it comes to winning this war.	George W Bush on the Iraq war
And Israel joined himself unto Baalpeor: and the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel. And the LORD said unto Moses, 'Take all the heads of the people and hang them up before the LORD against the sun, that the fierce anger of the LORD may be turned away from Israel.'	Numbers 25:3-4
And the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up, and their houses, and all the men that appertained unto Korah, and all their goods. They, and all that appertained to them, went down alive into the pit, and the earth closed upon them: and they perished from among the congregation. And all Israel that were round about them fled at the cry of them: for they said, Lest the earth swallow us up also. And there came out a fire from the LORD, and consumed the two hundred and fifty men that offered incense.	Numbers 16:32-33
And it came to pass, that at midnight the LORD smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, from the firstborn of Pharaoh that sat on his throne unto the firstborn of the captive that was in the dungeon; and all the firstborn of cattle. And Pharaoh rose up in the night, he, and all his servants, and all the Egyptians; and there was a great cry in Egypt; for there was not a house where there was not one dead.	Exodus 12:29-30
So the LORD sent pestilence upon Israel: and there fell of Israel seventy thousand men.		I Chronicles 21:14
So the LORD smote the Ethiopians before Asa, and before Judah; and the Ethiopians fled.	II Chronicles 14:12
But God shall wound the head of his enemies, and the hairy scalp of such a one as goeth on still in his trespasses. The Lord said, I will bring again from Bashan, I will bring my people again from the depths of the sea: That thy foot may be dipped in the blood of thine enemies, and the tongue of thy dogs in the same.	Psalms 68:21-23
And he smote the men of Bethshemesh, because they had looked into the ark of the LORD, even he smote of the people fifty thousand and threescore and ten men: and the people lamented, because the LORD had smitten many of the people with a great slaughter.	I Samuel 6:19
And that prophet, or that dreamer of dreams, shall be put to death; because he hath spoken to turn you away from the LORD your God.	Deuteronomy 13: 5
If thy brother, the son of thy mother, or thy son, or thy daughter, or the wife of thy bosom, or thy friend, which is as thine own soul, entice thee secretly, saying, Let us go and serve other gods, which thou hast not known, thou, nor thy fathers; Thou shalt not consent unto him, nor hearken unto him; neither shall thine eye pity him, neither shalt thou spare, neither shalt thou conceal him: But thou shalt surely kill him; thine hand shall be first upon him to put him to death, and afterwards the hand of all the people.	(Deuteronomy 13: 6, 8-9)
Thou shalt surely smite the inhabitants of that city with the edge of the sword, destroying it utterly, and all that is therein, and the cattle thereof, with the edge of the sword.	Deuteronomy 13:15
Ye shall utterly destroy all the places, wherein the nations which ye shall possess served their gods, upon the high mountains, and upon the hills, and under every green tree: And ye shall overthrow their altars, and break their pillars, and burn their groves with fire; and ye shall hew down the graven images of their gods, and destroy the names of them out of that place.	Deuteronomy 12:2-3
The righteous shall rejoice when he sees the vengeance. He shall wash his feet in the blood of the wicked.	Psalms 58:10
My name is Borg, James Borg.  License to assimilate.
And Er, Judah's firstborn, was wicked in the sight of the LORD; and the LORD slew him. And Judah said unto Onan, Go in unto thy brother's wife, and marry her, and raise up seed to thy brother. And Onan knew that the seed should not be his; and it came to pass, when he went in unto his brother's wife, that he spilled it on the ground, lest that he should give seed to his brother. And the thing which he did displeased the LORD: wherefore he slew him also.	Genesis 38:7-10
The LORD will smite thee with the botch of Egypt, and with the emerods, and with the scab, and with the itch, whereof thou canst not be healed.	Deuteronomy 28:27
And it was [so], that, after they had carried it about, the hand of the LORD was against the city with a very great destruction: and he smote the men of the city, both small and great, and they had emerods in their secret parts.	I Samuel 5:9
Behold with a great plague will the LORD smite thy people and thy children, and thy wives, and all thy goods: And thou shalt have great sickness by disease of thy bowels, until thy bowels fall out by reason of the sickness day by day.	II Chronicles 21:14-15
And after all this the LORD smote him in his bowels with an incurable disease. And it came to pass, that in process of time, after the end of two years, his bowels fell out by reason of sickness: so he died of sore diseases. And his people made no burning for him, like the burning of his fathers.	II Chronicles 12:18-19
therefore, behold, I will bring evil upon the house of Jerobo'am, and will cut off from Jerobo'am him that pisseth against the wall	I Kings 14:10
And it came to pass, when he began to reign, as soon as he sat on his throne, that he slew all the house of Baasha: he left him not one that pisseth against a wall, neither of his kinsfolks, nor of his friends.	 I Kings 16:11
He that is wounded in the stones, or hath his privy member cut off, shall not enter into the congregation of the LORD.	Deuteronomy 23:1
Let burning coals fall upon them: let them be cast into the fire; into deep pits, that they rise not up again.	Psalms 140:10
And your children shall wander in the wilderness forty years, and bear your whoredoms, until your carcases be wasted in the wilderness. After the number of the days in which ye searched the land, even forty days, each day for a year, shall ye bear your iniquities, even forty years, and ye shall know my breach of promise.	Numbers 14:33-34
And thou shalt eat the fruit of thine own body, the flesh of thy sons and of thy daughters, which the LORD they God hath given thee, in the siege, and in the straightness, wherewith thine enemies shall distress thee.	Deuteronomy 28:53
This said the LORD, Behold, I will raise up evil against thee out of thine own house, and I will take thy wives before thine eyes, and give them unto thy neighbour, and he shall lie with thy wives in the sight of this sun.	II Samuel 12:11
Surely thou will slay the wicked, O God: depart from me therefore, ye bloody men. For they speak against thee wickedly, and thine enemies take thy name in vain. Do not I hate them, O LORD, that hate thee? and am not I grieved with those that rise up against thee? I hate them with perfect hatred: I count them mine enemies.	Psalms 139:19-22
If any man come to me, and hate not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brethren, and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple.	Luke 14:26
Thou shalt not delay to offer the first of thy ripe fruits, and of thy liquors: the firstborn of thy sons shalt thou give unto me.	Exodus 22:29
But those mine enemies, which would not that I should reign over them, bring hither, and slay them before me.	Luke 19:27
Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me;	Exodus 20:5
And ye shall tread down the wicked; for they shall be ashes under the soles of your feet in the day that I shall do this, saith the LORD of hosts.	Malachi 4:3
I form the light, and create darkness: I make peace, and create evil: I the LORD do all these things.	Isaiah 45:7
AND Nadab and Abihu, the sons of Aaron, took either of them his censer, and put fire therein, and put incense thereon, and offered strange fire before the LORD, which he commanded them not. And there went out fire from the LORD, and devoured them, and they died before the LORD.	Leviticus 10:1-2
The Christian religion has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.	Bertrand Russell
And it shall come to pass, that as the LORD rejoiced over you to do you good, and to multiply you; so the LORD will rejoice over you to destroy you, and to bring you to nought; and ye shall be plucked from off the land whither thou goest to possess it.	Deuteronomy 28:63
And the people spake against God, and against Moses, Wherefore have ye brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? For there is no bread, neither is there any water; and our soul loatheth this light bread. And the LORD sent fiery serpents among the people, and they bit the people; and much people of Israel died.	Numbers 21:5-6
The LORD is a man of war: the LORD is his name.	Exodus 15:3
hink not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword. For I am come to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and the daughter in law against her mother in law. And a man's foes shall be they of his own household.	Matthew 10:34-37
Suppose ye that I am come to give peace on earth? I tell you, Nay; but rather division: For from henceforth there shall be five in one house divided, three against two, and two against three. The father shall be divided against the son, and the son against the father; the mother against the daughter, and the daughter against the mother; the mother in law against her daughter in law, and the daughter in law against her mother in law.	Luke 12:49
I am the root and offspring of David, and the bright and morning star.	Jesus in Revelation 22:16, revealing himself to be Lucifer
And the daughter of any priest, if she profane herself by playing the whore, she profaneth her father: she shall be burnt with fire.	Leviticus 21:9
When men strive together one with another, and the wife of the one draweth near for to deliver her husband out of the hand of him that smiteth him, and putteth forth her hand, and taketh him by the secrets: then thou shalt cut off her hand, thine eye shall not pity her.	Deuteronomy 25:11-12
For the man is not of the woman; but the woman of the man. Neither was the man created for the woman; but the woman for the man.	I Corinthians 11:8-9
But I would have you know, that the head of every man is Christ; and the head of the woman is the man; and the head of Christ is God.	I Corinthians 11:3
Behold, I will cast her into a bed, and them that commit adultery with her into great tribulation, except they repent of their deeds. And I will kill her children with death; and all the churches shall know that I am he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and I will give unto every one of you according to your works.	Revelation 2:22-23
He that sacrificeth unto any god, save to the LORD only, he shall be utterly destroyed.	Exodus 22:18-20
Behold, here is my daughter a maiden, and his concubine; them I will bring out now, and humble ye them, and do with them what seemeth good unto you: but unto this man do not so vile a thing. But the men would not hearken to him: so the man took his concubine, and brought her forth unto them; and they knew her, and abused her all the night until the morning: and when the day began to spring, they let her go.	Judges 19:24-25
Let the women learn in silence with all subjection. But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence. For Adam was first formed, then Eve. And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression.	I Timothy 2:11-14
Then ye shall bring them both out unto the gate of that city, and ye shall stone them with stones that they die; the damsel, because she cried not, being in the city; and the man, because he hath humbled his neighbour's wife: so thou shalt put away evil from among you.	Deuteronomy 22:24
Therefore the LORD himself shall give you a sign: Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel.	Isaiah 7:14, one of the most influential biblical mistranslations
Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience, as also saith the law. And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church.	I Corinthians 14:34-35
Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee.	Genesis 3:16
Samaria shall become desolate; for she hath rebelled against her God: they shall fall by the sword: their infants shall be dashed in pieces, and their women with child shall be ripped up.	Hosea 13:16
The whoredom of a woman may be known in her haughty looks and eyelids. If thy daughter be shameless, keep her in straitly, lest she abuse herself through overmuch liberty.	Eccles. 26:9-10
A shameless woman shall be counted as a dog; but she that is shamefaced will fear the Lord.	Eccles.26:25
And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life.	Matthew 19:29
The children of this world marry, and are given in marriage: But they which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world, and the resurrection from the dead, neither marry, nor are given in marriage: Neither can they die any more: for they are equal unto the angels; and are the children of God, being the children of the resurrection.	Luke 20:34-36
But those mine enemies, which would not that I should reign over them, bring hither, and slay them before me.	Luke 19:27
Whosoever shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness.	Mark 3:29
Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men.	Matthew 12:31
The Son of man shall send forth his angels, and they shall gather out of his kingdom all things that offend, and them which do iniquity; And shall cast them into a furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.	Matthew 13:41-42
I form the light, and create darkness: I make peace, and create <b>evil</b>: I the LORD do all these things.	Isaiah 45:7
We have to accept somewhat looser standards. In the legal profession, to convict the defendant of a crime, you need proof beyond a reasonable doubt. In civil cases, a preponderance of the evidence is sufficient. When dealing with the Bible or any ancient source, we have to loosen up a little; otherwise, we can't really say anything.	David Noel Freedman (in Bible Review magazine, Dec. 1993, p.34)
Christian documents outside the Gospels, even at the end of the first century and beyond, show no evidence that any tradition about an earthly life and ministry of Jesus were in circulation.	Earl Doherty, The Jesus Puzzle
When the Church mythologists established their system, they collected all the writings they could find and managed them as they pleased. It is a matter altogether of uncertainty to us whether such of the writings as now appear under the name of the Old and New Testaments are in the same state in which those collectors say they found them, or whether they added, altered, abridged or dressed them up.	Thomas Paine (The Age of Reason)
It is only in comparatively modern times that the possibility was considered that Jesus does not belong to history at all.	J.M. Robertson (Pagan Christs)
Whether considered as the God made human, or as man made divine, this character never existed as a person.	Gerald Massey, Egyptologist and historical scholar (Gerald Massey's Lectures: Gnostic and Historic Christianity, 1900)
All four gospels are anonymous texts. The familiar attributions of the Gospels to Matthew, Mark, Luke and John come from the mid-second century and later and we have no good historical reason to accept these attributions.	Steve Mason, professor of classics, history and religious studies at York University in Toronto (Bible Review, Feb. 2000, p. 36)
The question must also be raised as to whether we have the actual words of Jesus in any Gospel.	Bishop John Shelby Spong
